the author organizes the article by catching your attention with shocking statements made in the introduction . after that the author explains three different problems that space junk creates . at the end the author summarizes the article with a conclusion .
the author organizes the article by first letting the readers know what space junk was . how space junk is formed and what happens to the debris in space .
the author organizes the article by first informing you about what space junk is like in paragraph . the second part is telling you what happens when two uncontrollable satellites do . then the last part is telling you what happens what microdebris is and how it poses a threat to earth .
the author organizes the article by breaking it up into sections . first he has the introduction part of the article . this introduces what his paper will be about . then he has a subtitle that says what is space junk this section defines what his main idea is about and gives the reader a better understanding about his topic . then he has crash course giving examples of previous times there has been crashes in space . finally he closes his article with little bits but a big deal emphasizing the effects of space junk and informing the readers that this is a serious issue not to be taken lightly .
the author organizes this article by giving us some information about space junk . what is space junk then the author gives some information about how dangerous space junk can be . crash course . finally the author gives us information about it doesnt t matter what the size is it s the speed that does the damage . little bits but a big deal .
the author gives us a clear introduction at the beginning followed by the head lining what is space junk . the author also continues to use headings to demonstrate different parts of the article .
the author organizes his her writing into different sections based on the importance of the issue . the most common known issue with pace is the space trash and to show this the author placed all his information about space junk into the first subtitle . then for all the information about satellites crashing and the small size of the space debris got placed into their own sub categories .
the author breaks the article up into smaller sections . by doing this i believe it makes the article more effective and easier to read . it starts out by giving an introduction as to what the main idea of the article is going to be about and then goes farther into details . in the details it gives us actual examples of the space junk crashing into one another and making hundreds of microsatellites flying through space . then it gives us an example of how we my think a little tool box is no big deal but then it explains how it really is a big deal . then it concludes by trying to make us think of ways that space junk could be cleaned up in the future . i believe by organizing it this way it leads to a more effective and more interesting article .
first he talks and informs us about the general idea of space junk . what is space junk is where he basically tells us just a general idea about it . then he tells us about crash course that is about how large objects or satellites may crash into each other . little bits but a big deal is informing us about those articles combined kind of . it talks about space degree and how to solve the problem . it kind of wraps things up .
this organized in a way that tells us about orbiting junk then it tell us what it could be . it tells us next why things may turn into junk and orbit because some of the spacecraft may crash and that the end of that .
first the author gives a quick explanation of how space junk is created in the passage what is space junk . here they explain that when satellites malfunction they become high tech junk . in the next article crash course the author tells a story of a u . s . and russian satellites colliding creating many debris . finally the author explains the importance and dangers of space junk in little bits but a big deal . in this article he explains that even though some debris are smaller than a baseball they pose a serious threat to spacecraft or astronauts .
the author organizes the arrival well . he puts things down by there importance uses tone of voice and organizes his thoughts well . from the section orbiting junk he uses excitement for his tone of voice . in the section what is space junk he gives facts about what happened and how dangerous degree in space can be .
the author organizes the articles by producing several different titles and layering supporting evidence with facts . the introduction uses humor to convey the topic . what is space junk gives a background as to how the the objects have muddled their way into the atmosphere . crash course gives a more in depth look at exactly what objects have been found and what dangerous effects they can have . little bits but a big deal expands on the need for a solution to the increasing amount of damage that has occurred . the author uses a structure of history cause effect and solution to reveal information .
the author starts off trying to lure the reader asking a question . then using the title crash course it is a good topic that we would like to find out what is going on then ends it out with little bits but a big deal saying that it is a little thing or topic but its a very big deal in the world . he just wants the reader to want to keep reading keep it intersecting .
the author organizes the article in a way that answers the readers questions as one would have them by putting everything under titled paragraphs . the author first gives the reader background information on the problem . telling one what the problem is and how it came to be a problem in what is space junk . the author of the article then told the reader about the dangers of space junk and how they affect all things in space in crash house . finally in little bits but a big deal the author tells of more problems that space trash causes and tells one how the problem is increasing and how it is trying to be stopped space agencies hope that the corporations and nations involved can work together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution . this makes for a well rounded article .
the author organize that article by putting different information in its own subject so that the reader can understand and lean about one thing at at time . by putting the articles in there owns subject like what is space junk . the reader can only read about what space junk is and not have to read about crash course cause that in the next reading .
the author organizes the article in sections based on the information found under each heading . the author starts with the simple question what is space junk to make sure the readers know what the rest of the article will be about . the next two sections are about how space junk is made and what it can cause . the order of the information makes sense in the human mind . first tell us what it is second tell us how it is made and third tell us what it can do .
from the article you can see that he tries to get your attention in the introduction . from there he entitles one passage what is space junk and that passage tells what things could become space junk . in the next passage entitled crash course is explains what happens when satellites collide into each other going miles per hour . then in little bits but a big deal he tells us what damages can occur when microdebris hit something from the speed from space .
the author organizes the article by breaking bits of information down into it s own section . the first section titled what is space junk gives you a description of what the junk is and how all of it got there . the second section crash course informs the reader that the free orbiting satellites are a hazard to earth because the satellites run a risk of colliding with one another . in the last section little bits but a big deal informs the reader that it does not matter how big the pieces of debris are . the section indicates that small fragments traveling at five miles per second can cause serious damage to the most carefully designed aircraft . the author broke down the information and made it easier for the reader to find specific information that they are looking for .
the author starts off with a piece of space junk in the air . then he explains space exploration then talks about satellites and finally explains the danger of space junk .
the author has a very effective way of organizing the the article . he first introduces the beginning with some startling statements to get your attention statements such as grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor . once grabbing the readers attention he breaks the article into several segments labeled what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . all of the following are to condense the article into areas that focus on those specific ideas . by doing so it seems that the article was very effective in keeping the reader reading instead of organizing the article into just one big clump . having the organization that it did made the article easy to read and very interesting at the same time without leaving out any details .
the author starts out with an introduction filled with shocking statements and some information to grab the reader s attention . the author then gives background information of how the space junk got into orbit . the next section provides information on the dangers of space junk and debris in orbit . the final section tells of the problems with the space junk and how scientists are working hard to find a solution .
first the author explains to the readers what exactly space junk is . he tells us that space junk is actually objects from space missions that have gotten left in the atmosphere . then when he has deemed that the readers understand he gives examples of how this space junk is affecting us . such as how when dead satellites are left in space they run the risk of colliding with each other . finally the author brings home the point that space junk is very dangerous . he explains that while the objects may be small when at extreme speed such as in space they could do a lot of damage .
the author uses heading to organize his article . his first heading what is space junk gives the topic of the following paragraphs . through the use of headings the author ensures that the reader can understand the organization of the article with ease . the author also goes in chronological order . he starts in the year the soviet union launched its first satellite and ends in the present day .
the article orbiting junk is organized into different sections to describe how space junk is created and the problems it creates . the author begins by getting the readers attention . then they go on by describing what space junk actually is . next the author continues by giving a story about space junk and ends with telling the effect it has on the earth .
by telling you what space junk is . then telling you want makes the space junk . then going on to say how big of a deal the junk is .
the author divided this article into sections . the beginning of the article is just an introduction that is suppose to grab the reader s attention and help them to become interested . the next section what is space junk is the foundation of the rest of the article . it is included to help explain in a simple form what is space junk why it is floating and how it was placed up there . the next section crash course is included to explain how the objects could possible be dangerous and to tell what has happened in the past that has proved them to be a negative and danger . little bits but a big deal is to explain how little objects can actually have a very large impact on the satellites . it sign if icanfi es how it doesn t matter what size the object is it still creates a large problem . the author probably wrote this article this way because he wanted to but it into the simplest form and explain all parts of the question .
in the introduction the author grabs the reader by making surprising statements . he then however changes to a more serious tone to let the reader know that space junk is a significant matter . he explains what is space junk by reviewing the history of satellite orbitals and explaining how pieces of satellites have broken off and gone into orbitals . he then explains how satellites crash and how debris is broken off . finally he explains the importance of space trash and finding a solution to the problem .
the author first grabs our attention with phrases that include exclamation points . as he moves to the body of the article we are informed of what space junk is and how it has gotten to where it is . the author then tells of how dangerous this space debris is to spaceships as well as the orbital paths of other things out in space . he tells that although space junk may be small in size it has huge consequences in the end .
the author organizes this article by giving a description telling how it happens and giving the after effects . in the first paragraph the author mostly explains what space junk is and how it gets there . the author writes about earth s satellites how they get there and what they do . the second section explains the process of how satellites crash into each other . it gives an example of when earth and russia s satellites crashed and how they were completely disabled and useless making them space junk . lastly the third section tells the aftermath . it talks about the microscopic particles and how they are hard to detect even with our technology .
the author organizes the article by putting specific ideas together . the author opens the article with an intense introduction but then settles down into a serious tone . the author proceeds with one idea at a time describing was space debris is . the author ends the article with a reality reminder that space agencies need to work together and solve this problem .
at first the author draws you in with the cliche superman knock off line but then gets more serious through out the entire article . he does an introduction a brief history of space exploration and what space junk is tells how dead or disabled satellites can crash into each other and then ends with hope saying corporations are trying to come up with a viable solution to space pollution .
he starts off by telling about cluster space is . then he goes on to talk about how this can be a threat to earth . for instance when two dead satellites collide it doesn t just make two things of debris in space it makes many microdebris that can hit the earth plane or even a spacecraft .
the author organizes the article by breaking it down into sections and talking about different things in those sections like what is space junk and crash course .
the author organizes the article by first starting with an introduction that catches the readers eye . the introduction also contains the thesis statement orbital pathways around our planet that were once clear are now cluttered with the remains of numerous space exploration and natalie missions . next the author describes what space junk is and how it was created . after that in the section titled crash course the risks of colliding satellites are delighted . finally in the last section the author talks about possible solutions and the persisting problem of space junk .
the article is organized by first telling about space exploration and then it moves on to telling about space crashes that have actually happened . after that it goes on to talk about how serious the debris is .
the author has organized this article first by splitting the article into four sections . the first section explains the main purpose of the article . the second section explains how all of this space junk has gotten there . the third section explains how all of this debris has gotten into space . the final section explains the dangers of the space debris and how the space agencies are trying to solve the problem and prevent damage from space debris .
he starts out by telling the concern of space junk then moving on to what space junk is and what it s about . the author explains the dangers of space junk using examples and things that have actually happened to make the reader believe it . i understand the need to be concerned about this space junk because it could cause a lot of problems with the earth astronauts and space crafts .
he first starts out with the introduction to be interesting to get your attention . then he slows down by talking about how dangerous this space junk can be . then he talks in order of stuff that goes on in outer space . he keeps it simple but also interesting for the readers . he explains what goes on that we don t know and that we don t think goes on .
the author organizes in a good way by using sections . the sections help us understand more about the space junk in space . one section tells about the space junk and what it exactly is . another tells us about some satellites cracking into others and making more space junk . each section tells us more and more about this arising problem in space .
the author begins the article by relating to the reader in a humorous way . once the reader has been hooked in the author begins to describe how big of a problem space junk really is . after describing what space junk is the author talks about the dangers of the space junk and how big of a problem its becoming . then we learn about how even the smallest of space debris can cause danger . the author talks about how space travel is actually the cause and we need to put forth an effort to clean space pollution rather than adding to an already dangerous problem .
the space junk title is starting of by saying there is actually space junk . in the next paragraph they are saying how the space junk even gets there . in the last one they are saying how the space junk can harm space shuttles and all different kinds of things .
the author organizes the article by subtitles going from the most important to the least . they start off with explaining what the rest of the article was going to be talking about . they explained what space junk was and how it was harmful . then moved on to how they detect the space junk and how little bits of it is a serious problem .
he splits the article up into five sections introduction what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal and a conclusion . in his introduction he starts off with some surprising statements such as in lines and . in sections within the body he turns his tone into a more serious one . he does this to emphasize the seriousness of space junk . then in the conclusion he wraps it up by saying he is sure this problem will continue especially with an increase in commercial space travel .
the author starts by getting the reader excited . then they get let down because the comet isn t a comet it s a tool bag . the line it s a . . . tool bag directs that . it starts talking about how several civilizations began to send satellites and spacecraft into space and how they eventually die . so the author explains what happens and what can happen to different things that happen to be left in the final frontier .
in the introduction the author gives a scenario to attract the reader s attention where he she then explains the scenario and it s significance in the article thus giving a topic sentence where in the following few paragraphs explains the origination and history of space junk where the narrator then states the harmful effects of space junk and then explains why space junk is so harmful and finally the conclusion states some ways that nasa and other space agencies are trying to solve this problem .
first he starts out by getting the readers attention by personal experience . after the readers attention is caught he explains the reasoning for his introduction . he then provides information on what space junk is so the reader has a clear idea in their head . after he explains what happens in space with all the different satellites and how dangerous they can be . then the last paragraph is there to show how important it is to know about all the space junk in space .
this author organizes this article by first giving an introduction that popped and grabbed the reader s attention . then goes into more serious matter dating back to when satellites were first built . after the author explains that the satellites can crash and once they do that and die they are automatically assumed as space junk . then the author explains that even though the satellites and their prices can be little once more and more start dying then outer space can become clustered quickly .
the author breaks up the article into subtopics . such as what is space junk and crash course .
the author organizes the article but using sub titles and paragraphs . he doesn t lump together different ideas he keeps ideas of the same nature within one se action related subtitle . he started with what is space junk which explains what he s talking about . crash course follows talking about how even minor space junk can be a huge threat . finally in little bits but a big deal he further explains how even the smallest fragment of space junk can cause massage damage to a space craft and what steps scientists are doing to try to fix the problem .
the author organizes this article in a way that grabs your attention at the beginning . then tells a little about the background information . thirdly the author transitions into talking about dead satellites running the risk of colliding with each other . finally the author concludes with saying that all of this trash in space is a big deal and we need to do something about it .
the author organizes the article in different sections to make it more interesting to the reader . the author puts an eye catching opener to get the readers attention at the beginning and then goes on to explain the purpose of the article . they include interesting information and make it fun to read .
the author organizes his article by starting with an introduction which he uses to pull the reader in . then he expands and reveals more information on his topic with an informative paragraph titled what is space junk . he follows this by presenting a potential problem that arises with this topic appropriately named crash course . he concludes his articles by stating that precautions are being made to help with the dangerous dilemma while a complete solution is still underpay .
he separates it into different sections such as what is space junk and crash course .
the author uses titles that break the article down into smaller categories to organize the text . the titles gives the reader a little information about what the next section will mainly be about like crash course . the reader would get the hint that that paragraph would mainly be about things colliding . the author also splits the text up into paragraphs that have the same idea . it helps organize the ideas and keeps the same subject in an area .
the author begins the article by grabbing the reader s attention . this is done by using statements with exclamation points and giving a little information . then the author goes on to explain exactly what space junk is . in this section the reader also learns some background information such as over the past years a variety of spacecraft including space capsules telescopes and satellites have been sent beyond earth s atmosphere . the passage is concluded by explaining how important the topic of space junk is .
the author starts out with a good exciting introduction . he catches your attention then gets serious . first he just explains to you what space junk is and how it gets there . then he starts talking about the collisions . as he goes on he talks about what happens with a collision . if its bad or not . then he talks about how stuff like this is a big deal . even if it is just a small thing floating around it could cause a lot of harm .
the author organizes the article by having a introduction as being a attention letter . the the author broke the article down into sections . for example in the heading crash course it talks about the history of satellites that have collided in the past .
the author organizes the article by splitting it up and putting certain statistics in certain paragraphs so it keeps the reader entertained wanting to know more . the author starts out the introduction with statements that catch the readers attention then they talk about everything that has been made recently for observing space then they talk about all of the collisions that have happened up in space and then they end the article stating how little things can have a huge impact on earth .
first the author grabs the readers attention by making an awkward yet interesting opening statement which is it s a . . . tool bag the next passage after that becomes a little more serious to make the reader understand how harmful space junk can be . then in the next section the author gives the reader background information on space junk . that is important to people can understand what space junk is and how space equipment becomes space junk . that section connects well the crash house section which tells the reader some specific information about crashes in space . the final section explains in an elaborate way how harmful space junk can be and what cause it can have in the future . so overall the author goes from grabbing the readers attention to giving background information for understanding to specific details and events and then finally the effects and future effects space junk can have .
the article is organized by the author into sections . each section is separate different subjects . for example the section titled crash course is explaining that when things break apart the debris stays in space and it can cause damage to other things simply by just hitting it .
the author organize s the article with different titles to represent what they are talking about . what is space junk crash course etc .
first the author starts out with what the article is going to be about . just like any other story should start out as . in the fourth and fifth paragraph he is telling information about what has been sent to earths atmosphere . in the crash course section obviously he had put information on how the debris got in the way and satellites crashed into each other . and in the very last section called little bits but a big deal the author talks about how debris is a serious problem to earth and space .
the author organizes the article from the basics of space . first knowing about space junk and how it effects research in space . second is what could happen when there is a crash in space and how dangerous it is when dead satellites could risk colliding . third how it is a big deal on what is in space and if it falls to the ground . in conclusion the author is just making it easier to understand .
the author organizes the article by having the background information of space junk and go into further detail . then it goes into how space junk gets into space and where it comes from with details and facts . finally it goes into how dangerous these tiny pieces can be from collisions and space junk . also it states how they are going to have solutions to this problem and the affect it will have on the world .
the author organized the article in way to guide the reader along with the information . there is a lot of important information so the author organizes it so that the audience can completely understand it . the author starts with background information of what space junk actually is and what happens to the junk . the reader knows what will be in the next section because of the title what is space junk then the author tells how the space junk actually gets where it is . the space junk is created from satellites colliding into each other and creating debris . finally the author wraps up the article explaining why space junk possesses a harm to spacecrafts and other objects in space . the space junk can create disastrous holes in an object moving through space . the author builds information from the last section by putting more details into the next section to describe the effects of space junk more .
the author organizes the article by putting the information into three different sections . each section gives information about what happens . the what is space junk section explains how space capsules satellites and telescope explore space . this section also explains how sometimes they can collide and go into uncontrolled orbit around the earth . the crash course section explains how the dead satellites orbit around the earth and great speed and then crash into each other causing pieces from them to break off and sometimes go into earth . the little bits but a big deal section explains how something no smaller than the size of a baseball can not be identified on a radar which makes it harder to a spacecraft to avoid those objects .
the author organizes this article in to sections . there is an introductory paragraph to get the reader s attention a section to explain the history of it all what is space junk a section to talk about space collisions crash course and a section to talk about how dangerous it can actually be even though space exploration is very important little bits but a big deal . the author made a good decision by choosing to organize this article this way . it really gets the point across .
the author opens the article with a introduction to get the readers attention and then he gives a third paragraph to keep the readers attention and tell them what s coming . after this the author separates the rest of the article into three sections what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal these sections help separate the articles so the author doesn t have to try to transition from one thought to the next but instead give us information and connect them again at the end of the article in the conclusion .
the author organizes the article into different sections that fall under the appropriate headings . things like satellite collisions are under crash course while the actual definition of space junk which is a different topic is under a different heading to make the article easier to read and understand .
the author organizes the article to explain everything in order . the article starts off with the introduction then to the section titled what is space junk to explain what the introduction was about . the next section is crash course because the last part of the previous section talked about satellites loosing control and going into orbit . so crash course talks about what can happen when satellites go into orbit . after crash course the next section is titled little bits but a big deal . this is next because it talks about what can happen when two satellites crash into each other which was talked about in the last article . the author organizes the article like this to make the reader understand without getting confused .
the author starts off by getting your attention the explaining what space junk is . then they talk about how satellites can collide with each other . the author ends by explaining how space junk poses a big problem .
the article orbiting junk is organized in a way that is most understandable to the reader . the introduction grabs the readers attention about the issue . next under what is space junk the author defines the problem giving an examples of space junk . after that the author explains hoe space junk occurs in crash course . and finally the author explains why this is a problem in little bits but a big deal in which the author provides examples to make a big idea like space seem more reliable .
the author organized the article with a persuasive informative feel that also has a introduction body and conclusion . the introduction is very attractive . in paragraph one the author began by commanding the reader to do multiple unique things . on top of that the author also asked a rhetoric question in paragraph two with a bit of humor mixed in . the body of this article has a more serious tone by providing facts and history about satellites and how they become space junk . in paragraph four sentence one the author explains how in the soviet union launched the the first artificial satellite . the conclusion of this article is paragraph where the author clearly restates his point of writing the article . in sentence one and two of paragraph the author proclaims yet the problem is certain to persist . in fact the amount of space trash is actually increasing because e commercial space travel is on the rise and more nations have undertaken space exploration .
the author organizes the article very well . he starts off with a great introduction that has the ability to catch the reader s attention . he then tells us what space junk is as well as provides us with reasons why sending objects into space . we send capsules telescopes and satellites into space because they do so much for us they monitor atmospheric conditions and make global wireless communication possible . in the next paragraph we read about crash courses . having read the article before it we know why this can be a terrible occurrence . the following paragraph little bits but a big deal gives us more evidence that space debris can be a very serious problem . so at the end of reading the article we ve been informed in a good order about orbiting junk .
the author organizes this article by first using an interesting introduction to hook the audience then they broke the remaining paragraphs into categories in order to make the article easier to follow and understand . the categories the author used were what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes it into three different sections . the first section tells us about the space invasion and about general space junk . the second section is about two satellites colliding with one another causing microdebris . the third section is about the people caring about microdebris and the increase in more of it because of other countries joining the race to space .
the author first talks about space junk in witch is the main idea about this passage . then the author talks about crash course then about little bits a big deal .
he separated it into three different sections so you knew what you were reading about . what is space junk crash course . and little bits but a big deal .
the author organized the article with an introduction and a body . they start out my just explaining what they are going to talk about . they move on to what really is space junk . the author gives us information on the topic and little history behind it . then they start to bring out facts and statistics . next they talk about the damage space junk can do . they give more facts and number that we cannot ignore . finally they tell us that this is serious matter and we have to face it . the author tells us that the space junk numbers has gone up and it is damaging our orbital system around earth . they also conclude that the space junk is making space missions more dangerous .
the author beings the article with an attention graver to introduce what the rest of the article will include . he then use the next section what is space junk to define and describe the problem at hand . next in the section crash course the author explains that dead satellites run the risk of colliding with each other which is becoming a major issue . little bits but a big deal is used to emphasis on the idea that this is indeed a serious problem that needs to be fixed . he concludes in stating that space trash is actually increasing and that we most work together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution .
the author organizes this article by presenting different topics about how space junk is created and how it can be harmful . each section presents a different problem contributing to the build up of space junk . the author starts out by grabbing the reader with some shocking statements and then explains the topic of the article . the author then continues on to explain what space junk is and how it is building up in outer space . after the author shows how satellites collide causing them to break into smaller pieces which leads into the last section about how harmful the tiny pieces can really be .
the author organizes the article in a way that it starts out introducing and explaining what space junk is and gives facts and other things that talk about what happens and how space crafts and such become space junk . then the article continues explaining the happenings and the consequences of these happenings by giving statistics and other facts in the section crash course . after establishing what space junk is and how it is hazardous . the author tells how much of impact that all of this space junk can have and how it continues to increase today . therefore the article is made in a way that it leads up to how dangerous space junk is and why we should be concerned .
the author organizes this article into sections questions for each topic . the author is letting us know which information about space junk should go where and where we can find it . it is a very helpful way in letting us find information on a given idea . he gives us a background of space junk and then gives us supporting details of why this is a big deal .
the author organizes the article by using interesting facts to grab the reader s attention . in the paragraph what is space junk the author defines what is causing the problem in space . in crash course the author says how the debris is created . finally in little bits but a big deal the author talks about the dangers of the debris in space and how various space programs are dealing with it .
the author organizes the article by dividing the entire article into certain sections . some of the sections included what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . in what is space junk it described what space junk actually is . its says that some of the disabled objects become a piece of high tech junk and it circles the globe in uncontrolled orbit . in the next section crash course it talks about a time when two communications satellites crashed into each other miles above the earth . in the last section little bits but a big deal it talks about how tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the most carefully designed spacecrafts . it also states that the amount of space trash is actually increasing because commercial space travel is on the rise and more nations have undertaken space exploration .
the author organizes the article by using catchy phrases and useful information to better understand the subject . each head title for each paragraph has an intriguing sentence and then the paragraph has supportive details and facts . the author mentions nasa and the european space agency and how they take part in the studies of space junk . the author does a great job explaining the way that the space junk works in outer space .
he starts out with a very attention getting thesis and the he starts at the being to explain the space junk and what it is . then he tells you what the junk came from and how it got there . at the end he tells you how it can harm you or the earth and how dangerous it can be .
the author organizes this article by splitting the topics up . he doesnt just put everything together he makes subtitles . when he is talking about space junk he labels that section what is space junk but he labels is italicized because he is trying to make a point .
the author organizes the story with easy to navigate subtitles . this method makes it easy to find important information about a certain topic . for example if you are curious about the crashing of two satellites you can look under crash course .
the author organizes the article in a way to explain to you what it is that they are talking about and then tell you why it is so important and why you should be concerned . the introduction is an attention grabber so you will want to read the article . in the section subtitled what is space junk the author explains what a satellite is and how they function . in the second section crash course the author tells you about the risks of the dead satellites . the last section tells you why it is a big deal . the author organizes it in a way to make it easily understandable to the reader .
this person organizes it by having head lines in bold letters . this person also starts out by asking a question and then going into what is space junk . then it slowly goes into crash courses and how bad it effects our atmosphere .
the author organizes the article by identifying what exactly it is we are talking about then by saying where it comes from finally the author ends with how it does this . in what is space junk the author tells us what space junk is . space junk is pieces of debris from various space crafts and such . in crash course the author states that these debris come from dead satellites that run into each other . finally in little bits but a big deal the author explains how these debris can be very dangerous . these debris when traveling at five miles per second can cause serious damage to elite spacecrafts .
the first three paragraphs get you hooked into the story and make you want to read more . paragraphs four and five give you information about the history of space travel and how and why the space junk is even in space . paragraphs six and seven tell you how dangerous space junk really is . the last four paragraphs let the reader know who is worried about space junk and what people are doing to fix the problem of space junk .
the author begins the article with a catchy introduction . then the author gets more serious and begins to describe space history and the occurrence of space junk in outer space . the author states his her claim that space junk is a danger and supports this claim with facts regarding the speed and amount of space junk in space . the author s claim is concluded by stating that several space agencies are working to take care of this problem .
the author organizes the article by starting with an attention letter . than the author gives his thesis statement . the author goes on to give background information about the space program . than the author stresses the dangers of small free floating particles in space . the author wraps up the article by giving future problems that could occur
the author organizes the article really well in my opinion . the author starts off with an interesting introduction that slowly brings you into the rest of the article . after that they get into a sub topic clearly explaining exactly what is space junk and how it has developed in our orbits . they used many facts that really impact the readers knowledge about this space junk . next they talk about how the debris free orbiting the part can cause collisions with other debris . they use facts and even an instance where the collisions have appeared . in the final topic they speak about the dangerous and the threats that the debris can cause . this passage is very well made with facts comparisons and even an instance of adding more dangerous space junk by loosing a tool bag .
the author starts by telling a simple story about a tool bad falling from the sky . then the author defines space junk and it s threat to earth . the it gives some information about two satellites crashing . last but not least the author tells us the big pictures . such as how the debris can harm spacecrafts and increasing amount of space junk .
the author starts off by explaining the situation and what has been going on in space which would be the section titled what is space junk . after he explains the situation he moves on to describe how this is a bad thing and how it is happening . then he ends it by talking about how it can affect us .
i think the author did a fine job with organizing this article . by getting the reader s attention in the introduction with dialogue i became interested about what this article would help me learn about . after the introduction the author spent his or her time informing the reader about what space junk really is . next the author showed the reader how the pieces of debris collide with each other . finally the last paragraphs were to show the reader how important space junk is and how much nasa and other space exploring organizations are concerned with it .
the author organizes the article by putting them into different sections on space exploration . the author puts what is space junk first for explaining the variety of things we are putting in the atmosphere . the puts crash course this is letting us know that the space junk is now orbiting around the earth at intense speeds . little bits but a big deal this is explain the danger in these objects orbiting the earth .
the author organizes the article well with the start of a simple introduction . the author then starts with individual topics to explain the cause . the author begins with explaining space junk then how it effects the crash course . then lastly the author explains how little bits can become a big deal .
the author organized the article in a unique way . first starting with an introduction that came with excitement . then explaining what he was going to talk about space junk . then with what happens with all this junk and if it marshes . after that how little bits can make a big deal later on . finally ending with a conclusion .
in the first section the author explains what space junk is and how it got into space . in the second section the author tells about how free orbiting satellites can crash into each other causing small satellites to be formed . in the last section of paragraphs the author talks about how big of a danger small free orbiting satellites can pose and how many countries are trying to find a solution to the problem .
the author first draws the reader in with the introduction . then they talk about various forms of space debris . after that they discuss what happens when two satellites collide . finally they state why space junk is such a problem .
the author in organized this article well by starting out with a common rhetorical allusion explaining what space junk is giving an example and then explaining how it s a problem .
the author organizes the article into different sections each with a defined purpose . the first section is an attention grabber to get the reader interested . line grab you telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor the second section is background to give the reader a little knowledge about the topic . line in the soviet union launched th first artificial satellite . the united states followed suit and thus began the human race s great space invasion . the third section is what s going on now with the topic . line with no one at the controls dead satellites run th risk o folding with each other . that s exactly what happened in february . the last section is why the reader should care about the topic . line so who cares about a lost tool bag or tiny bits of space trash
the author organizes his thoughts very uniquely in this article . for instance they start out with a shocking statement for a lure . then they move on to a definition and such requires the history of the objects . after such they follow suite with the dangers of microdebris out in space and just how lethal it can become . upon the end of that they switch to how to counter act the problem .
the author organizes it by first explaining what space trash and debris actually is . he does this with the heading what is space junk under this heading he talks about how space junk actually occurs as well as a little bit of the history of space travel . then he uses the heading crash course to talk about the different crashes between free orbiting satellites in the past . then finally he uses the heading little bits but a big deal to try to make the readers understand that even those small tiny bits of trash can seriously harm the functioning satellites and other space craft .
the author starts the arrival by grabbing the reads attention with a good hook line . from the intro the author continues onto define what space junk is to inform the reader what the rest of the paper is about . after defining what the space junk is the author then gives an examples of how space junk is made . after making sure the reader know what she is talking about the author goes into the subject of how dangerous these pieces of junk are to astronaut and space travelers . in the same paragraph the author also states the the scientific al community is searching for a solution to clean up the debris .
by how things happen and when they happen . this is how he does it . what is space junk crash course little bits but a big death does it that way so you know what the passage is going to be about and what it is going to talk about . he also does it so you know the title of the passage and so you don t have to try to figure out what it is about . another reason he does it so he can originate the story into different sections .
the author organizes the article first by giving the background information of the start of space exploration . they continue on to define satellites and how they are used . the second section describes how the satellites played a role in history . then the author goes on in the last section to describe how the satellites are a problem now by explaining how they are involved in space pollution .
the author organizes it by putting it into four different sections each explaining a different part about space . the first section just explains that there are things in space called space junk . the second section explains what space junk is and how it got there . the third section explains that free orbiting things move quickly and there is a possibility that these things can crash into each other . lastly the fourth section the author talks about how even such little things such as pieces of debris are a big deal to people scientists and the earth .
the author begins with an introduction that grabs the reader s attention by making a shocking statement . instead of seeing some meteor or comet the author sees a toolbag in space . the author then explains what space junk is and how it got there to give us some background information . in the crash course topic the author states that not just outer space crashes create debris but random small objects too . in little bits but a big deal the author elaborates on why we should be concerned . one reason we should be concerned is the space debris can crash into our working satellites and disable them . the author ends with an outdo paragraph stating that the problem is increasing but there are people looking for a cheap and easy way to solve the space debris problem .
starts off grabbing your attention and then it gives you facts about space junk . then it defines space junk for you and gives you some examples and then gives you the dangers of having space junk .
the author is very organized in this article . the author starts off the article by catching the readers interest and attention . he she does this by using exclamation and question marks . then by titling the section what is space junk the author writes about what he she will be explaining . next the author gives examples of what is happening in the world and space by explaining a crash that happened between one american and one russian communication satellite . he or she starts off the section by saying in the soviet union launched the first artificial satellite . lastly the author explains how dangerous space trash and space pollution is . he she also explains yet the problem is certain to persist .
the author organizes the article in four basic tones . the first tone is the introduction which is used to grab the readers attention when something interesting and fun with the help of explanation points . the second tone is the explanation of the problem this is used to tell the reader the main reason of this article and to explain what space junk is . the third tone is a brief history lesson where the author gives real facts of satellites being destroyed by collisions . the forth and final tone is the call to action tone where the author brings you into the situation and convinces you to help .
the author organizes the article in sub headings . this way separates information into an easy to understand way so it is easy to find certain pieces of information . such as in the sub heading of crash course it talks about our satellites colliding with russia .
the author explains the problem in the introduction and first paragraph . he then goes into why the problem is dangerous to astronauts and space shuttles . in the final paragraphs he shows how some nations are limiting space junk while it is increasing because of the amount of countries undertaking space exploration .
the author begins with an eye catching introduction . he then sets a historical background and defines the term space junk . to emphasize the seriousness of space junk he relates facts about real crashes that have occurred . finishing his article with information about the damage space junk can cause the author writes about the paths being taken in order to remedy the situation . he finishes with a final warning that space trash is on the rise and companies must collaborate to fix the problem .
the author organizes the article by making chapter like sections about different details . in crash course the author is talking about the dangers of satellites colliding with each other . in another he talks about what space junk is .
the author organizes the article by sectioning it off into groups so we can understand the material . the author starts off light heated and keeps getting more serious . what is space junk helps us understand the overall idea and explains the material in the article . then the sections following that get more in depth and portray the seriousness of orbiting junk .
the author organizes this article by starting it off with a kind of comical start trying to appeal to the readers . then he goes into the past giving the reader a sense of history . next he still stays in the recent pass and gives us a thought about what happened and why that this happened . then the author focuses in on the main topic and why all of this is such a big deal .
the author first talks about what is the earths atmosphere can handle and what we may see out there . they then go on to what space junk actually is and how we have been doing it for the past fifty two years . the crash course talks about how the little bits of debris can cause such a disaster in space and on earth . they end the article by describing how the bits of fragments can cause the earth and satellites big problems .
the author organizes the article by making sections of the article to have the reader become interested by the title and have them continue to read . they will learn about the dangers of space junk and what can happen to it .
the author organizes the article by starting at the history of space explorations . the author wants the reader to have a good background of how many different satellites have been put into space orbit . the author then describes in great detail what exactly space junk is and what is made up of . the author wants the reader to comprehend the amount of space junk in space . the author then describes why there is space junk . he tells about what is causing space junk and why . the author describes that large things going extremely fast in orbit can cause tiny micro pieces being sent into space . then the author tells the reader why they should care about space junk . the author gives us different ways the space junk is harmful to space ships astronaut and other satellites . then he or she says what different space company are doing about the space junk and how they are trying to prevent it .
the way the author organizes this article is that he uses a very eye catching thesis or opening statements . for example grab your telescope look up at the sky it s a comet it s a meteor . then he puts a subtitle on the next subjects he brings up to keep it very organized . example what is space junk crash course and then the last subtitle is little bits but a big deal . each subtitle leads into one another very nicely and does not get you confused .
the author organizes the article by starting with a introduction to grab the reader s attention . then background information on space exploration and what space junk really is . the article then highlights different events where space junk has caused a problem or an accident has occurred that created new debris in space . the author then has a paragraph explaining how harmful space junk can be and how it can or cannot be detected . the article finishes with a conclusion that outlines space pollution and the issues that can arise because of it .
the author starts with stating the serious yet shocking facts of the article . then the article has separate subtopics which state important details relating to the subtopic . for example the subtopic crash course tells the danger of satellites colliding together .
the author uses a hook to get the reader interested . then they tell about what space junk actually is for people who don t know . they also tell how that space junk is created . finally in the section titled little bits but a big deal they emphasize that even though most space junk is only tiny prices it is a serious problem and can cause a lot of issues .
the author brakes down the article into sections . the sections he broke them into is what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal .
the author begins the article with an attention getting introduction followed by historic le statistics . finally including that satellites are in great risk of colliding with each other and emphasizing the great danger of such small particles in space .
the author organizes the article by different topics . the first topic he talks about is what is space junk . he talks about the different types of space junk in the section . the second topic he has listed is crash course . in this section he talks about what happened in february of when two communication satellites crashed into each other . the third and final section in about little pieces but a big deal . in the he talks about how little pieces of matter are a big deal in the atmosphere . these little pieces flying around this fast can destroy a satellite .
the first paragraph is a very good attention letter it makes it clear to grab your attention . then it follows into telling the readers a brief history passage about spacecraft . it also later goes into telling the risks of satellites controlling each other . lately it talks about how loosing space trash is serious matter .
the author organizes this article using passages for different information . what is space junks crash course and little bits but a big deal are all separate passages that talk about different things .
the author starts his article with an attention grabber and briefly mentions space junk . in the next article the author by giving a short history of space flight like the how the soviet union launched the first satellite . next he describes how these space projects have caused problems and what they are suggesting to do .
he starts with an attention grating introduction . he follows up with a section called what is space junk to get the reader involved and to provide factual information . he then added the section crash course to provide information on satellite crashes . he ends with the section little bits but a big deal to inform the reader of the dangers of space debris .
the author organizes this article by breaking it up into four parts . the first part or the introduction gives us a small anecdote on what possibly could happen . the next three parts give us details on the three main points of this article what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author starts with a shocking hook which draws the reader in . then in what is space junk they give some basics as to how space junk has come to be . in crash course the author elaborates on space junk including a specific example . in little bits but a big deal the author goes into detail about what the effects of space junk can be and how they can cause a difficult situation . in paragraph they author concludes by stating that space junk is increasing and that a solution needs to be found .
the author starts off with an attention grabber allowing the audience to get hooked and read more . then he talks about the facts of how many satellites and telescopes have been sent into space informing the audience what he is getting at . then the author talks about how in space it s really not that safe . he describes how satellites have a risk of colliding since there is no one controlling them . finally he talks about how serious matters can be and ow they monitor the satellites and maintain catalogues of known subjects . to wrap it all up he mentions that the space agencies hope that everyone works together to come up with a solution to space pollution .
the author starts off by grabbing your attention with the introduction . then informing you what space junk is . he then talks about the damage that space junk can do . and finally tells what scientists are trying to do about it .
the author organizes the article with subtitles . for example orbiting junk what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal . within these groups are the information in an organized manner .
the author first organizes it by telling us the history of how space junk actually got into space and then continues on to tell us its harmful affects and how to defend against it . finally she challenges the reader s integrity by asking about the seriousness of this to other people .
the author organizes it by starting it off with a flashy introduction then proceeding to some history about space junk . next he talks about collisions in space . lastly he tells some specific things that have happen in space .
the author starts the article with an attention letter . he has a strong start the pulls you in by saying something that seems ridiculous but then goes on to say it actually could happen . he continues the article by describing how space junk got into space and what it is . then he begins explaining how it is a bad thing that it is there . finally he concludes by saying that the space junk will continue to increase until a solution is found .
he organizes it by putting in a certain order . first he shows how the daily person looks through a telescope but can find a tool bag making you wonder what does he mean . once after the the first scene of you looking through a telescope he shows how the past years you was finally able to to explore the space by using telescopes spacecrafts and sending satellites but later in that paragraph showing how these things are left in space later in the body he tells you how this effects the space when things are left in there . he shows how things can fall in to the orbit and show how it can effect the earth . soon ending is essay with a persistent conclusion about how the space agencies can find a more efficient way .
the author organizes this article by first introducing the topic then explaining what the topic really is . next the author goes into detail about how space junk can cause major problems because there is no control over the orbit path of this trash . finally the author goes into detail about how even the smallest piece of trash can become a dangerous thing when in space and that most pieces of space junk smaller than a baseball remain undetected .
the writer splits the most important facts into separate paragraphs . by doing this it keeps the article organized and easy to understand . the separate titles like what is space junk also make it easier to go back if you missed something or would like to reread something that may not have been understood at the beginning .
the author begins with orbiting junk to describe the clutter of space junk in our orbit . then the author describes what space junk is in what is space junk . in crash course the author tells of the dangers of fragments free orbiting satellites in orbit around earth . finally the author tells how dealing with these satellites is very hard and very important to keeping things the way they have been for quite a long time now safe .
the author organizes the article through the use of titling different sections with unique names that reference to each sections message . the author begins with the title orbiting junk and then proceeds to explain that many objects that do not belong in the sky are currently floating around the earth . the author then has sections titled what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . these sections inform the reader of what items come to be considered space junk how this junk can crash into other items in the atmosphere and how this junk can cause serious problems . all in all the author goes through this article with different subdivisions full of the information he that wants his readers to learn about .
this article is organized in a topical manner . it deals with the many various topics of space junk such as the definition of space junk the danger of dead satellites and the sizes compared to the danger of the space junk . the author had three key points that were intended to be explained thoroughly . they gave different statistics about the various parts of space junk that was addressed .
the author organizes the article by having a funny introduction . this introduction makes people want to read on . what is space junk this paragraph tells us about the satellites in space and what happens to the elements that are in space . crash course tells people about some crashes that have happened while in space . this also tells us about the free orbiting objects . the last paragraph tells us that a tiny fragment in space would be like a grain of sand in a sandblaster . this shows the reader that tiny space fragments are a big deal and could really hurt somebody .
the author splits it into three categories what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article in different sections . the first section is the introduction in which the author grabs the reader s attention to become interested in the topic . then the second section is titled what is space junk and this section has paragraphs specifically talking about space junk . next there are paragraphs about crash courses with the title of crash course . lastly there are paragraphs explaining how even if the debris is small in size it has a major impact . therefore this article is neatly organized in different sections .
the author is organizing the article by telling the history of all the space junk out there and how it got there in the first place . it goes on to tell us how every thing works up there . it finally tells us that the small objects are a big deal .
the author organizes the article by putting their information in different categories so the passage is easier to read and to follow along . they give facts and explain how the satellites can crash and cause a lot of rather large problems and how there is a lot of trash in space from all the satellites that have crashed and just stayed up there . they give facts from statistics and show the importance of the spacecrafts we have sent up into space already and the ones we have yet to send .
the author starts off asking what is space junk . throughout the article he starts describing how dangerous the trash can be . towards the end he explains how much of a big deal small space junk could be . in the conclusion of the article he states that space junk is still a big problem .
the author divides the article up into separate sections . each section has a header intensifying it . for example the headers what is space junk and little bits but a big deal are used to tell the reader what the following paragraphs will entail . this organizes the article and makes it easy to read as well as easy to go back and find information .
the author starts off the article with a catchy introduction . they grab you attention and make you want to read the rest . they then go into a brief description of space junk . they describe how it is becoming more and more of a problem . they then go into a brief description of space flight . after this they tell you about how two satellites crashed into one another causing space debris . after that they talk about the damage that could be done by the debris and how it can break down other ships and satellites in space . with all that information they talk about how this problem will worsen and cause more crashes and more debris in the future .
he first starts out by grabbing the readers attention in the introduction then goes on to explain what space junk is . after that he tells how two satellites collided and how an astronaut lost a tool bag in space . finally in his last section he explains why this is a big deal .
the article organizes the article by starting off by explaining what space junk really is and what the article is about . he then gives specific information to further explain what the problem really is . he finally ends with what people think of the situation and how it is trying to be resolved today through space organizations such as nasa .
the author starts with the importance of space junk when this person says this space junk is currently of great concern to the government space agencies around the globe . the author proceeds to tell what space junk really is when it says what happens when a satellite dies or malfunctions and can t be repaired the disabled object becomes a piece of high tech junk circling the globe in uncontrolled orbit . then the author tells about what will eventually happen to these satellites while they are going about in space in the crash course paragraph by saying two communications satellites one american and one russian both traveling at more than mile per hour crashed into each other miles above the earth . the impact created hundreds of pieces of debris each assuming its own orbital path . then the author tells about how these small pieces of debris could cause a lot of damage to those traveling in space .
he first starts out with an introduction . then he talks about how the space invasion took place . he then talks about space debris from old satellites . finally he talks about the importance of keeping space clean .
he arranges this article by describing what space objects are then how they move and then how dangerous they are to the world . just by looking at the titles you can see this what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal .
the author of this article organized the paper logically . first he explained what space junk was in the section what is space junk . naturally he progressed how space junk developed into a problem for space explorers in crash course . he finishes the article with a detailed look at the problem in the section little bits but a big deal . this progression gives the reader a solid grasp of the space junk problem . it also gives light to possible solutions .
he organizes it by telling the first time the soviet union put a satellite in to space . he then tells what space junk is . he goes on to tell about a crash that occurred between one american and a russian satellites . the crash caused hundreds of debris . after that he tells that even the little pieces of debris can cause serious damage to a spacecraft . lastly he says that this is a big deal and hopes that the government of the united states and other countries can find a solution to space pollution .
the author organizes the article by explaining in the introductory paragraph what the topic of the writing is . then the author goes on to give a brief history of space exploration to explain how the space debris got there in the first place . after that the author explains the threat of microdebris fields and the effects they can have on space missions . finally the author explains that countries are currently working on solutions to the problem of microdebris fields and other space junk .
the author starts this article grabbing the attention of his readers . after he captures their attention he moves on to what is important and the points he is trying to convey . in what is space junk he describes what space junk really is giving the reader information of what they are reading about . in crash course the author describes the dangers of space junk and the crashes in which they can cause . little bits but a big deal describes how truly dangerous these things can be . the author starts his article as numerous but definitely ends on a much serious note trying to convince his readers what is true .
the author organizes the article by the grouping her information under topics such as orbiting junk what is space junk crash course etc . the did a really good job organizing the article in subject filed manner .
he starts out with an intro and mentions space junk . he then goes on to explain what space junk is . after that he tells how this space junk is formed . following that he talks about how even the smallest particles of space junk can be detrimental to space stations and satellites .
the author provides some background information on space junk and leads into how satellites could collide and create more space junk then the author explains how these pieces of debris affect the earth in a big way . the author has separated these things into three sections .
the author organizes this article under different headings . it has an introduction and then he or she separated it into what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article with different sections that have different titles so that a reader may skip to a section if looking for a particular part of the article . for example he has an introduction and three sections which names are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes his articles into sections . every article has a different subtitle that explains a different subject . one example of the would be what is space junk . each article is different making the reader able to understand it easier .
the author introduces the topic . he then describes how the problem came about . the the dangers of the problem are described . the author talks about how even the smallest pieces of space debris can be dangerous because of the speeds they travel at .
the author organizes this article because each section provides different details to different aspects of space junk . the section what is space junk explains what space junk is where little bits but a big deal shows that small objects traveling at high speeds can cause a big problem like navigating a space craft through a microdebris field that could harm the space craft . the sections also make the article easier to navigate and read .
the author organizes the article orbiting junk into sections . each section summarizes different facts about space junk in a organized way . first they describe what space junk is then why satellites run the risk of colliding with each other lastly why we should care about space junk .
the author organizes the article into sections . the author has three sections in his article . each have at least two paragraph . both listing what topic they are writing about . the three sections are called what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal
the author organizes the article first by telling us what is a space junk and what they are satellites in the atmosphere orbiting with out control . then crash course which is about dead satellites cracking . then little bits but a big deal this little topic is about people that are concern of the little bits of space debris that can present a very serious problem .
the author organizes the article in a way that will be most familiar to someone that is reading it . the way he she starts with the classic super man introduction and then leads off into explaining what this thing really is is a great organization method that most people are familiar with . another great example of the authors organizational skills is when he she got from describing satellite crashes to the effects that the debris from said crashes can cause .
how does the author title the article he titles is to help the reader . the first paragraph explains to the reader what space junk is the second paragraph tells how the space junk explained in the previous paragraph can be of a affect on satellites . the third explains how even the littlest bit of space junk can harm satellites or other space objects . if the author would not have explained what space junk was then the reader might be lost in the second and third paragraph same goes with if he had not explained how a lot of the deere got there then the reader might have been lost in the third paragraph . so the way he titled it by explaining what space junk was then explain how it got so clutter and how it can have an affect was the way the arthur organized this article .
the author uses cause and effect to organize the article . the author grabs your attention in the introduction . after that in the the section after the introduction the author tells how space junk has come about . then the author explains the dangers of the space junk . finally the author tells of ways to prevent the space junk .
the author presents the subject with a few startling statements to get the reader interested with the topic . the author then goes into what his statement about space junk means then how space junk is created how space junk negatively effects the outer space world environment and how it is increasing to become a bigger problem because of the constant research with other satellites .
the author separates the topics of discussion with paragraph titles such as what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . each of these titles informs you about what your going to be reading about in the paragraph below .
the author organizes the article in a way of increasing importance . first in the beginning two sections he describes what space junk in and how it is a problem . then in the next two sections he goes into greater detail about how it s a problem .
the article has a introduction and the what is space junk is telling the history and describing the telescopes and satellites . then there is a crash course where its talking about the space collisions . also the little bits but a big deal is about the space trash and the tool bags .
the author starts out simple with an introduction and then breaks down the problem that he or she is trying to address step by step . after introducing the problem of space junk the author goes on to explain what space junk actually is and how it first arrived there . the author uses facts about satellites informing us that for years people have been littering outer space with a variety of spacecraft . then the author continues on with explaining how satellites become space junk in a different section . the very last section seems to be the author s main point and the purpose of her article . little bits but a big deal talks about the dangers of the space junk and why people should be concerned about it .
organizes the article into sections like what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal .
the author first begins on getting attention and becoming interested in this article . the by giving the article different sections with different names grass more attention . the first section is mainly talking about space junk and what exactly it is and when the dates where when this happened . the second section however is about the crash course and how satellites are going to run the risk of colliding with each other . which this has already happened in . so by stated facts with dates it makes it more interesting .
the author organizes the article by telling what orbiting junk is and how we can stop it . and just by having bullets notes like crash course and little bits but a big deal and also making us worried for other peoples needs .
the author organized the thoughts with legible headings such as what is space junk .
the author organizes the article with main points about space junk . with the first main point he asks what is space junk to explain the main detail that the arrival is about . next he explains how space junk is made and last he makes a conclusion about why space junk is a big deal .
the author organizes this article to first get your attention . then the author informs you of the history of satellites and space junk . after that the author explains how dangerous space junk can be to anything within it s course .
the author organizes this article into different sections that explain about different things . the sections are named as follows orbiting junk what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . orbiting junk refers to the items that are orbiting around the earth they are left over from satellite crashes or lost by astronauts . what is space junk explains to the readers about what kind of items are left behind in space . the section crash course refers to the event of a russian and american satellite running into one another . little bits but a big deal basically tells the audience about why and how having space junk can harm the earth .
the author organizes the article with different sections all explaining different points . for example the section titled what is space junk simply explains the meaning and history along with statistics of space junk . likewise the section titled crash course is about different satellites crashing into each other and causing a rain of debris into orbit . all the other sections follow a similar suit .
the author organizes the article in four sections . first he starts with the introduction . his introduction catches the reader s eye and provokes him to want to continue reading . then he defines what he is going to talk about space junk . after that he talks about the dangers of space junk through facts stories and examples about satellite crashes and space junk debris . finally the author concludes his article in a way which leaves the reader wanting to do something to stop the production of space junk .
the author organizes the article by giving background knowledge then conveying the problem and finally giving a call to action for a solution to the problem . in the first piece of the article what is space junk the author gives a bit of information on what he she is about to be talking about . the author gives the background information that the reader needs such as over the past years a variety of spacecraft including space capsules telescopes and satellites have been sent beyond earth s atmosphere . then in this piece he she introduces the problem to readers revealing that the satellite that malfunctions and cannot be prepared or the satellite that collided with something else becomes a piece of high tech junk circling the globe in uncontrolled orbit . in the second part of the article crash course the author conveys the problem which is the overall theme of the article . he she even gives an example of a time when the problem occurred when two communications satellites one american and one russian both traveling at more than miles per hour crashed into each other miles above the earth . the author reveals that satellites can actually collide with each other and cause space debris which can be extremely harmful . finally the author calls the reader to search for a solution to this problem . he she conveys to the reader that the amount of space trash is actually increasing because commercial space travel is on the rise and that scientists need to come up for a solution to this problem before it becomes too large to handle .
the author organizes the article starting with an introduction that catches the reader s attention . the rhetorical questions are the talk about space junk will hold the reader s attention and ensure they stick around for more . they then move into an introduction to the space race and what space junk is . this gives a good understanding for the reader as they continue down the article . after that they start with statistics that shock the reader . that really excites the reader to reading the last paragraph . the last few paragraphs show the impact the space junk causes the efforts of nasa and the fact that space junk is increasing . this gives a nice conclusion to the paragraph .
the way the article was organized by the author is that first about orbiting junk which is objects in free orbit in space . then it goes in to what is space junk which describes what space junk really is . next to crash course which describes how the satellites crash not one another . then finally to little bits but a big deal which talks about even tho the parts in free orbit are small but they cause a big problem if they hit anything .
the author starts off by explaining the history of space travel in the what is space junk section . this way people who are unaware of the history will have a greater sense of how everything started . then the author moves onto the next section which has examples of how space junk is actually created . giving prime examples and actual events can make the problem more believable to the reader . the last session is all about why someone should care that space is being polluted . this article is organized by giving you a how a when and a why .
the author organizes this article by using an introduction first and then three sections what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the author captures the readers interest through the introduction by using a shocking statement and making readers think why is there a tool bag in the sky after this the author describes the history of space travel and the space race as well as describing what happens to technology that is broken and just floating around in space in the section what is space junk . then in the section crash course the author describes how satellites and debris collide and the effects of the collision . after this point the author describes the horrible impacts of small microdebris on other space ships and satellites and what engineers and scientists are doing to counteract this in the section little bits but a big deal . finally the author concludes that the problem is certain to persist and that the amount of space trash keeps increasing and then the author ends the article by saying that space agencies hope that corporations can come together to find a solution to the problem of space junk .
the author organizes ideas by grouping and titling paragraphs . the paragraph titled what is space junk consists of information about what space junk actually is . the author also lists details of conflicts with satellites and crashes that have occurred in the past .
the author organizes this article unconventionally first grabbing the reader s attention then explaining space junk next explaining what can happen when space junk collides and finally emphasizing the seriousness of space junk and its possible effects .
he organizes it by topic such as what is space junk then he tells you about what space junk is . the next is crash course an so on . it is well organized in different categories and topics .
the author organizes the article by using subtopics within the topic of the article . for example the subtopic what is space junk gives you a better idea for what it space junk is . as with the other subtopics it tell you about what that section will talk about or hint at it .
the author organizes the article by talking about what space junk is and how it affects the earth s atmosphere . then the author talks about how dangerous it is when objects in space collide . next the author talks about why it is such a big deal and why we should be aware of space junk .
the author organizes the article by what the categories are . he has the introduction and then the first topic he wants to talk about which what is space junk . then the author has crash course another main topic and finally little bits but a big deal and his conclusion . he makes the topics separated like this to look almost like a newspaper and to show each is important .
the author organizes the article with facts of space junk that are in space due to space exploration . the author then goes on to giving examples of what space junk is and where it can come from . the author gives the example of a two satellites crashing into each other which created hundreds of pieces of debris . the author then goes on about the difficulty for a spacecraft to be in space and stay clear of the debris left by other spacecrafts and satellites . lastly the author summarizes the article and giving the reader the main idea of the article . the main idea is that the space junk in space is increasing and still a problem for space agencies .
it is organized in an interesting way . it says what the article is about and then describes what space junk is . after that it shows how space junk could be harmful . then even if it s a small amount it could be a very big affect on us all .
the author separates this article into sections . the first section is the introduction where the author provides a brief explanation of space junk . in the introduction the author states that space junk is a great concern to government space agencies . the next section is what is space junk . this section informs the reader on how the debris gets into space and what exactly space junk is . the next section is titled crash course . this section provides the reader with examples of satellites or debris crashing into each other at great speed . the text describes a satellite crash that occurred in february . finally the last section is little bits but a big deal . this section informs the reader that space junk is a serious problem that needs to be addressed .
the author organizes this article by first grabbing attention . the author then goes on and explains what space junk is then how it is dangerous . the author concludes that it scientist are trying to find a easy solution and explains that it is an increasing problem .
in the introduction it catches the readers attention by using shocking statements . then it provides a history of space exploration . next it talks about satellites and how they run the risk of colliding with each other . finally it explains that tiny bits of space trash is not a big deal .
well in the introduction he starts it off will a big bang . and that what probably gets everybody s attention . then he breaks it down into a few paragraphs about space junk then satellites and then he talks about how the smallest things in space can cover miles in a second so it is extremely dangerous .
the article is organized with a title and sub headings that emphasize the main points . what is space junk explains space exploration and how man made objects are in space orbit . crash course explains how an american and russian satellite crashed resulting in small pieces of debris . little bits but a big deal explains that objects in free orbit is an important matter . this set up provides background information for the readers to clarify the theme .
the author starts off with getting your attention . the author then goes into detail about launching the first satellite . the author talks about how satellites collide in to each other and produced space debris . this debris is very troublesome because spacecrafts get damaged by this debris and it becomes very dangerous . the author finishes this article by telling the reader that space trash is on the rise .
the author starts off with background information starting off with facts about the first artificial satellite . they then go on to tell of the dangers of space junk floating around in space . start off paragraph six with a little story about free orbiting space junk . they end the article with telling of the dangers of microdebris . the small little things that float around can damage entire space stations .
the author organizes this article by using headings based on the information in the paragraphs below them . for example under the heading titled what is space junk there are examples of what space junk is and how it gets there . under the heading crash course there are examples of how objects in space without control run the risk of colliding and causing a lot of damage to both objects and creating more space junk . the author then closes the article with a good conclusion .
the author organizes the article by giving different sections are the article titles . by doing this they are letting you know specific information about space junk . for example in the section titled as crash course the author shares information about the collision of two satellites going miles per hour .
the author separates the article into four sections . the first section is the introduction . in it the author explains how space junk is concerning government agencies all around the world . the second section is titled what is space junk in this section the author gives background information about where space junk comes from . the third section is titled crash course . in this section the author gives major events about space junk and what creates space junk . the fourth section is titled little bits but a big deal . in this section the author gives information about how the tiniest bit of space junk can damage a space shuttle .
the author organizes the article by first grabbing the reader s attention with shocking statements and then explaining what space junk is . the author then shows an example of two satellites crashing into each other and an example of microdebris . the author also tells us that even the smallest debris can destroy a spacecraft and say that solutions are difficult .
the article contains topics what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal to organize the article .
the author organizes the article according to topic . for example in subsection what is space junk the author explains exactly what is space junk . in the other two subsections they are once again organized by topic . crash course talks about crashes of space junk and little bits but a big deal talks about micro debris .
first the author states an interesting fact about space junk and then explains that it is a concern for astronauts . the author explains what space junk is and how it got up into space then explains what impact the space junk could have on space stations and other technology up there . lastly the author expresses that even the smallest things up in space can pose a threat to man made technology up in space . no matter how small the junk may be it can still cause damage .
the author organizes his article by putting a title over each section . he does this first by talking about the orbiting junk and then by what is space junk and so on and so fourth .
first the author separates the article into sections by using section headers . this technique is usually the best for dividing up article information . the author then uses a persuasive attention letter to grab the reader s attention in the beginning then goes off to tell what it is and where it came from . basically it is a well organized informative essay . you can tell that it is informative by the way it uses facts and true details to explain the situation .
the author organizes the passage by an introduction into some of the common things that can be found in orbit around the planet . then the author tells us about the history of counties sending artificial satellites starting with telling us about when the first one was launched . next is the explanation of can happen when satellites in space collide . in the february of two satellites one american and one russian bath collided with each other . both of the satellites where considered disabled and would ve been much easier to remove if they were still in solid pieces . now they will be very hard to clean up due to the collision . finally the author explains how speed can affect the force of how hard an object will hit something . in space even tiny particles will cause some major damage . the author refers to a gentle breeze blowing sand to using a sand blaster to remove paint off of a concrete wall to give us an accurate picture of what can happen .
the author first starts out with a good attention letter to get you wondering what space junk is . second they tell you what space junk is . third they tell you what can happen with all the space junk . fourthly the say why such a little thing can be a big problem .
the author uses subtitles to organize the article . before certain paragraphs at the left hand side is a folded subtitle . for example before the author gets into defining space junk there is a subtitle labeled what is space junk also before the author tells about the microdebris in space there is a title labeled little bits but a big deal .
the author first makes you aware of what orbits in space . then he or she illustrates what could happen to all of that debris . in the final paragraph the author shows that even though the debris is small it is still really dangerous . and closes with a paragraph talking about how space pollution is a persisting issue .
the author puts it in order from the events are happening . first it starts with different information about it and what is going on . secondly it tells you the risk and chances of satellites colliding with each other . thirdly they let you know that small problems are happening but it is a big deal . last it explains that problems are still existing and the amount of space crash is increasing .
first the author uses a clever anecdote to catch the readers attention then he defines the problem that he will discuss in the article . next he gives the reader background information on the subject of space junk . after that he gives an example of how past problems with satellites . finally he states the continuing issue that must be avoided and what is being done to solve it .
the author organized the article by trying to catch the reader s attention first . once they had done that they would organize all of their information based on categories of relevance starting off by explaining what exactly they were talking about . in this case it was space junk and they defined it under a specific title explaining what it was . from there out they used the same sort of technique talking about how collisions are usually caused how powerful the impacts of the microdebris could be and gave each portion very clear titles that made it all easy to locate what you were looking for .
the author first gets the attention of the reader . then the author informs the reader what space junk is and the way it got there . the author then explains how the amount of space junk has grown from two satellites crashing and a tool bag being lost by an astronaut within the past three years . the author then finishes the article by explaining how even the smallest bits of space junk can cause serious damage and how he hopes that nations can work together to solve this issue .
in this article the author organizes each section beginning with either a question or the topic in which the section is about to explain . for example crash course explains the colliding of satellites .
the author organizes the article in sub articles like what is space junk or crash course . this makes things easier to read and it makes things a lot easier to find . this also makes the article a lot more organized and easier to read .
the author organizes the article in a structure that assists in explaining the situation and convincing the reader of the possible dangers that space junk poses . the author begins with statements that gray the reader s attention and introduce the topic being addressed . next the author begins the section called what is space junk and he describes the history behind space exploration and how the idea of space junk has become a serious problem today . then the author provides the reader with a specific example of how harmful and serious space junk can be . the author finishes by explaining how difficult the situation is and how both nasa and the european space agency are both working on finding ways to avoid prevent and get rid of space junk .
the way the author organizes this article is by starting off with an interesting introduction to catch the readers attention . the the author moves on to explain what space junk really is and to explain what they meant by the tool bag in paragraph . the author then moves on to the danger of satellites with no one in control of them . the author finally closes with a few paragraphs to show why this article was important to talk about .
the author organized the article by having an introduction and putting the information into different categories . the categories use were what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article by first explaining to the reader what this space junk is then telling how it is created and finally explaining how this space junk is very dangerous and should be prevented . to first inform the reader the author gives a little bit of history about space travel and then explains how space junk is created . the second part of the article then is used to explain a situation about how a crash of dead satellites can create space junk . in the last part of the article the author gives information on why this space junk really is bad and harmful . the author finally ends the last part by telling us that there needs to be a way to try to find a solution to stop space pollution .
the author organizes this article by explaining what space junk is then telling how it occurs and then going on to say how it affects the the atmosphere in outer space and astronauts . examples of this are one the first paragraphs after the introduction are about what space junk is the second paragraph is about how space junk happens and the final paragraph is about how space junk affects the atmosphere and astronaut .
the author begins the article orbiting junk with a comment on something seen in space . they ask what it is and they find that it is a tool bag which seems absurd since it is in space . the author then moves on to describe exactly what is space junk . he includes a little history regarding space operations as well as their purpose and the negative outcome they can have . the author then goes on to state the dangers of dead satellites in space as they can crash into each other . he uses two example . the first one is the crash of a russian and american satellite crashing into each other creating debris left in space . the second one being the tool bag which escaped from the grip of an astronaut doing repairs . the author s conclusion highlights the dangers of the debris in space and what they can do . he also includes that the problem is getting worse but agencies hope to work together to reduce space pollution .
the author of this article organizes his detail in a introduction three paragraphs on his main points and a conclusion . the introduction being attention to the article and makes you wonder about space junk . the next three main points are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal all three of these paragraphs are explaining what the author is trying to write about in this article . the last point of the article the conclusion is to make you wonder about and make you want to do something about space junk and what is going on and how we can do something to make it go away .
the author organizes the article into four different sections that each describe a different aspect of his topic orbiting junk . he begins with an introduction that captures the reader s attention before taking on a serious tone to convey his message . in the section titled what is space junk the author explains what it is he will be talking about and where it comes from . the author then goes on to describe the dangers of space junk in the last two sections crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author uses the introduction to grab the readers attention . in the second paragraph the author defines space junk and uses the history of space junk . in the third paragraph the reader talks about the risk of space junk . finally in the last paragraph the reader talks about how scientists are trying to solve the problem .
the author organized the article in an explaining order . first the author grabs the readers attention by talking about a tool bag in the sky . the in the section what is space junk the author explains what the junk is that is orbiting . as the author moves into crash course the author talks about a true incident that happened in february . in the ending section the author uses little bits but a big deal to sum up that the space junk may be small but it is a big deal and serious .
the author organizes the article ina very logical way . they start out with a kind of story to grab the readers attention and when their attention is directed to that certain point the author starts to explain it . the author states with how people began getting into space and how space junk ends up in orbit and ends that section by telling how satellites that malfunctions or breaks goes on an uncontrolled orbit . the next section explains the results when two such uncontrolled satellites collide explaining that they create millions of tiny pieces of space junk . they end the article then explaining why the pieces of space junk which are so small actually make a difference .
the author organizes it by telling you what space junk is and then he goes back and says why it does to effect us . people do not realize what harm it could have .
to begin the author grabs the reader s attention with an interesting introduction . he she then dresses the problem about space junk . in the next section the author explains what exactly space junk is and gives some background information on it . the next section explains the dangers of the floating dead satellites and gives an example in a tool bag escaped from the grip of an astronaut doing repair on the international space station . in the last section he she describes what scientists are trying to do to solve the persistent and increasing problem that is space junk .
the author organizes the article by making different headlines for different topics . they set out certain bullet points that they want to talk about and then once they ve mentioned the problem in the headline then they go into more detail about it . they have three different things that they talk about specifically one being what is space junk the second being crash course and the third being little bits but a big deal . the author makes this an easy read because you don t have to read the whole thing to find what you re looking for because they broke it up into different topics and into different paragraphs .
the author organized the article in a sequence of events ranging from how the satellites got into space to how they crash and then tells the reader of the broken satellites severity to other space crafts in orbit . the author also labeled the paragraphs with specific titles that foreshadowed what you was going to be reading next .
the author at first gives you some background information on the space race between russia and the united states . he then talks about how the satellites that were launched need repaired or sometimes crash into each other which is a cause of the space junk . the author then ends the article by telling us the danger and damage this little fragments can cause .
the author organizes by describing space junk . the how space junk can collide with other space junk thus explaining how the collisions leave debris and cause a problem .
the author organizes the articles by titles about what he wants to talk about . like in the article what is space junk he she talks about space junk and how it effects our atmosphere and the rocket ships in space . in the article crash course he she talks about how two satellites crush into one another and how it effects the atmosphere and how it will cause trouble in the outer for spaceships .
first the author gives an interesting statement that grabs the reader s attention . then they explain what the space junk is . they explain how space junk can become disabled objects and can circle the noble uncontrollably . next they tell how these disabled objects can create crashes that disassemble the objects into tiny fragments . finally they state that the problem will continue and the space trash will increase causing harm that needs a solution .
the author starts with a introduction . then the author describes what space junk is . next the author talks about how space junk can be created . finally the author talks about how important it is that we try to solve the space junk problem .
the way they organize this article is by explaining what space junk is to inform the reader . then they explain the effect it has and why its a problem to our space program . then at last they give details about how it dangers and why we should do something about this problem .
the author organizes the article by different concerns . for example the first section what is space junk describes what space junk is and how it negatively affects the environment . the second section crash course describes how the colliding of satellites affects the amount of microsatellites flying through space which proposes a huge problem for astronauts trying to maneuver around them . the last section little bits but a big deal describes that while the space debris may be very small they can pose a lot of damage on other spacecrafts which could ultimately jeopardize the safety of astronauts .
the author organizes this article by dividing it up into topics in order to capture the reader s attention . the author starts by drawing in the reader s imagination and then informs him or her that this is a serious issue . right after the introduction the author knows he or she has the reader s attention and starts informing them of space junk . before all the information can bore the reader the author changes the topic to crash course . this causes the reader to wonder if satellites really crash in space . the author finishes off by telling the reader that this is a serious issue but keeps the mood light by saying there is a tool bag loose in space . this keeps the reader interested and wanted to read more without getting too bored with all the information .
the author organize the article by breaking it down into prices . by using the names orbiting junk what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . by using this like that it makes the reader wanna read this stuff so a it makes it listening .
he organizes it in sub articles such as crash course .
the author first has an attention grabber to get the interest of the reader . the author then states a fact and states reason for the fact . then the author explains about satellite crashes and free orbiting satellites . the author then puts in the question so who cares about a lost tool bag or tiny bits of space trash to get the author to think . then the author ends the article by restating the problem and stating a fact about how people are trying to solve it .
the author organizes the article in a simple yet structured way . fortunately for a topic such as this the author separates main ideas into their own sections such as crash course and little bits big problem . this type of article is easy for anyone to read and especially easy to find the information you are looking for in a quicker way opposed to perhaps looking it up in an encyclopedia .
he puts it in groups or in individual sections like what is space junk
it gives me brief information about the article . starting the article off with some humor grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor it s a tool bag then goes into the beginning about how the soviet union launched the first artificial satellite . the united states followed suit and thus began the human race s great space invasion . it goes on about what happens when tools float off into space by itself and how it could be really dangerous . the conclusion just states that hopefully in the future scientist can come up with a solution about how to solve the space pollution problem .
the author uses subtitles to tell the readers what the following information will be about . the author has a funny or interesting subtitle for each section of information . he uses these subtitles to organize his article . under the subtitle crash course the author tells about a collision that happened . these subtitles give the readers something to think about before the read that specific section of the article . the author uses subtitles to help organize the information in the article .
the author organizes the article by first defining what space junk is and then saying what causes it and last by telling us how big of a deal it is and how much harm it can do . the paragraphs are titled by what it is going to tell you . in the third paragraph it explains how the objects crashing make debris and in the fourth it explains the damage they do .
the author orgies the article in to four categories what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article by explaining different problems with orbiting space junk in each section . the author gives a section on what space junk is how satellites are in space and how microdebris can cause a big problem in space . the author gives a sequential order and provides detail with each subject .
the author organizes this article in a very intelligent way . first he uses a rhetorical question to start the introduction . then he uses sub headings for the next paragraphs . the first one is called what is space junk this paragraph defines space junk and explains how it is formed . the next paragraph is called crash course . this paragraph presents an example of a collision of space junk and how it is dangerous . the last paragraph is title little bits but a big deal . in this paragraph the author is explaining that even though most of space junk is relatively small it can still be dangerous at high speeds .
the author separates his different information into groups by content . in the block under crash course there is related information about space satellite crashes which create space junk . he separated all his convincing information into three different blocks of information to keep make it easier to understand and stay on track .
the author organizes the article by catching the reader s attention then informing them what space junk is . the next section titled crash course explains how space debris is made and it lists specific examples such as the american and russian satellites crashing into each other in . in the last section the author explains why space debris are harmful and what is being done to help solve the problem .
the author organizes the article in a opening support conclusion format . this meaning that the first section titled what is space junk is clearly going to talk about what space junk is . which will create a nice seaway to talk about little bits but a big deal
the author organizes the article in three sections . the beginning is a introduction or attention grabber to get you ready to read the report story . each section explains something to do with the title orbiting junk what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal . i prefer this form of organization as it is easier to read and understand .
the author organizes the article with titles . the name of the title gives the reader an idea of what the passages will be about . what is space junk gives the reader an idea of the junk that s in space .
the author organizes the article well . she starts off with interesting facts and then comes to the real importance of the matter of the space junk in orbit which is becoming a big problem and ends it with telling people to become more aware because the problem is increasing .
the author organizes the article into three specific sections what is space junk crash coarse and little bits but a big deal . each section provides important statistics on the topic .
the article is organized into sections . first the author defines the matter then goes on about what causes the debris and finishes up with saying that the debris is a big problem .
the author organizes the article into different aspects of space junk . for example the author uses uses the subtitle what is space junk to describe what space junk is . he or she also uses subtitles such as crash course to explain a few extraterrestrial crashes . this type of organization helps the article to remain as fluent as possible and to focus the reader on the negative effects of space junk .
the author organizes this article by like ideas . the introduction has a clever beginning to draw readers in and then the rest becomes more serious . the second section what is space junk defines the subject to the reader so that they fully understand the article . the third section crash course shows the magnitude of the space junk with a specific instance on how it came to be . the forth and final section summarizes all the previous sections and makes the point that space junk orbiting the earth really is a dangerous issue . overall the author organizes the article in an easy to comprehend bit sized manner .
it starts off with a attention letter to grab the reader s attention . the author than creates a short passage providing information on what is being meant to talk about in the passage . the first thing he does is provides information about what space junk is and a little information about the history behind it . the author explains that space junk is what the soviet
the author of this story organizes this story in different sections . the author has an introduction section telling about bad things orbiting our planet to help pull in the reader . he then in the middle sections tells us what the problem is and how we can help fix it . in the final section he raps everything up .
he stars with an interdiction to get you interests in space . so look at the sky . then he lets you know how much space junk is in space like satellites . then it tells you how satellites crash in space . then how people need to learn about the junk that can damage the spacecraft in space while traveling .
the author first states the problem then he explains what the problem is by breaking it down into three parts . that why he he has a section called what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article by starting out w a famous pop culture reference that catches your attention then they get to the serious stuff in the introduction explaining the timeline and statistics of space travel so that the reader gets the idea of what he or she is reading about . following the introduction is the body of the article that explains the main idea further . then comes the conclusion that gives the author s opinion on the topic of the space junk crisis .
the author starts out trying to get your attention with what may in the sky . then the author begins telling about space junk and how the government have great concern about space junk . they talk about the variety of spacecrafts space capsules telescopes and satellites that have been sent out beyond earth s atmosphere . they also talk about how many satellites end up crashing into each other . also how little particles or space junk moves miles per second .
the author first tells you about orbiting junk around space then the author proceeds to tell you what space junk is . the author then tells you about what can happen to satellites and space junk colliding . the author also tells you how the little prices of debris is a big deal .
the author organizes the article by sections each section going into more detail about different space junk topics . the first section informs the reader a basic explanation of what space junk is . the next section titled crash course explains the affects of having free orbiting disabled satellites flying through space . the last section of the article little bits but a big deal goes into detail about how microdebris lays a big impact on spacecrafts .
the author organizes the article so that it is easy to follow and understandable . someone who doesn t know anything about space exploration can easily know what the author is talking about and what message the author is addressing because of the organization . the author first draws the reader in with the introduction and addresses the problem . he then explains what space junk is . the next section explains how space junk occurs and the article concludes with how big of a problem the small bits of microdebris can cause .
the author organizes the article by putting it in headings . he has headings such as what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article into three sections following the introduction . these are titled what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . these sections help separate the different types of facts and make the article easier to read .
well first he starts what an attention grabbing introducing . immediately following he gets serious about his topic and explains just exactly what space junk is . he then proceeds to explain how satellites crashing at his speeds creates all sort of space junk . lastly he expresses his concern for the growing problem and states that nasa is looking for a solution .
the author organizes this article in a text book form . with sections having titles what is space junk and then having information under the section titles . it has facts backing up they re statements .
the article is organized in a chronological way . the lifespan of debris so to say . the author talks about how satellites are freely moving about the earths orbit and will soon enough crash into one another . this creates hundreds of microsatellites otherwise known as debris . these debris are flying over miles per hour and present a serious risk for anything that comes into contact with it s path of travel . the author then concludes with a sort of look to the future with commercial space programs which will only worsen the space pollution issue .
the author organizes the article by starting out the introduction with something that grabs the readers attention . by then identifying the flying object in the sky as a . . . tool bag it makes the reader want to read the article . the author goes on by explaining what the meaning of space junk is and how it gets there followed by what happen to satellites when they die . the author finishes his her article by notifying the reader that space junk is a big deal and is increasing because commercial space travel is on the rise and more nations have undertaken space exploration .
after the introduction the author starts by describing what this space junk is by talking from when the first satellite was launched to the supposedly hundreds of little junk satellites scattered around orbit . crash course explains a story about a crash in space that left debris in space and that these accidents can happen at any time in space . the last part talks about how this debris is dangerous despite its size .
the author organizes this articles very well . he starts out by telling us what space junk really is and how it works . next he would tell us about microsatellites and how they are used . at last he talked about tiny bits of space trash . so over all he did really well organizing this article .
the author first starts out with shocking statements to get the readers attention . then the author gets serious with facts about how space exploration has cluttered space . after that the author describes how satellites die and crash into each other creating microdebris . next the author goes to explain the how little pieces of debris known as microdebris can be just as harmful as big pieces of debris . and finally the author proposes answers to the problem of cluttered space .
at first the author gives a great explanation on what he or she is going to talk about . he or she starts to explain that space junk is bad for the globe . then the author starts to explain what the space junk is . it is the human race s great space invasion of the soviet union and the united states satellites that have been launched in space . the next set of information explains the crash course of the satellites . if the satellites come near each other then they will crash into each other and then our country would not be able to have that control anymore . the next information the author talks about is the tiny bits of space trash or also called space junk that is in space floating around .
the author organizes this article in an easy to understand and well planned way . the author has chosen to set it up by and separate the paragraphs by sections not just spacing and indenting . the author started with background information then transitioned into information about how free floating satellites and then concluded with statistics and information from nasa and other space agencies about how space exploration should be done in a more organized and clean way .
the author organized it by getting your attention at the beginning by grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor it s a . . . tool bag then the author told the reader about space junk and the risk it causes like dead satellites at the risk of colliding with each other . then the author lets the reader know that space junk is a big deal and people do care about it .
the author organizes the article by putting titles or what is going to be talked about above the paragraph . one example is little bits but a bid deal . the author talks about how much people really care about the lost tool bags or the tiny bits of space trash .
the author organizes this article he starts with the introduction telling what it is about and then he gives a background on space junk and early space explorations . the writer then proceeds to tell about how space junk becomes space junk and then goes on to tell why it is harmful and dangerous and why we should worry about it .
he uses sub headings such as what is space junk and crash course .
the author organize the article by using headings that tell what the section will be about . like the heading crash course that tells you that this section will be about something that is crashing into something .
the author organizes the article into three different sections . the first one is to explain what space junk really is because some readers might not understand the concept of it . crash course shows why space junk is important . the author used many details like the collision between a russian and an american satellite in february to show that this is a serious problem . the next section titled little bits but a big deal explains that small or large fragments floating uncontrollably in earth s orbit is a serious issue . space junk should not be considered a minor matter .
the authors organization of the paper is into clearly labeled pert infant sections . each section relates to the main idea which is that there is waste orbiting in space . the section labeled what is space junk describes where all the garbage orbiting the planet has come from . crash course describes the collisions of satellites in space and also a funny incident including an astronaut . the final section talks about the size of the objects orbiting earth does not matter because the speed is what causes the most damage .
the author starts off the article by saying what space junk is . then he goes into how it all began and how some satellites will collide into each other some time causing big collisions . at the end the author supports how this is a big deal and that we need to start preventing these dangers .
the author organizes the article by making the first body paragraph what is space junk in that paragraph he explains the meaning of space junk . in the second body paragraph he explains how collisions of the satellites make and become space junk . in the last paragraph he titled it little bits but a big deal meaning that even the little pieces of space junk can be a big deal . the pieces are so little but yet so powerful .
he explains every topic in a different section . he begins with space junk which tells about junk and satellites . he then explains other topic like crash course and other little things that fly in the air .
the author organizes the article by putting things in order by the title . at first the tells us what the orbiting junk is then explains a little about how it can cause a crash and then how we need to get these out of space . the is how the author organizes this article .
how the author organizes the article is he puts different information into a different category . for example the category crash course is a section that talks about satellites crashing into one another .
the author organizes the article by first using an introduction to get the reader s attention and to introduce the topic that will be discussed . he then has paragraphs explaining what space junk is and a history of space junk . the author uses his next few paragraphs to tell about a real life story that occurred due to this topic . this story occurred in february when two communication satellites crashed creating more debris . he does this to show the reader that this truly does have a large impact . his next paragraph is used to compare space junk to objects in real life which will help the reader understand better . the author then explains what people are doing to overcome this challenge such as adding walls to spacecrafts . the last paragraph is the conclusion which is used to sum up what was said and to state that space agencies hope to come up with a solution .
obviously it is convenient to read under the four headings presented within this article . he begins with an exciting introduction to his topic before establishing his thesis about the dangers of space junk . he then goes on to describe the history of the world s journey into the galaxy and touch on the predicted ramifications of such an adventure . toward the end the author focuses on the modern problems created by space exploration and how it is imperative for them to be solved before considering future risks of more exploration .
he states that at one point the orbital pathway was once clear but due to spaced exploration it has become cluttered . then the author points out who discovered space junk . finally he concludes his story by telling the real danger and serious problems of space junk effecting our planet future space explorations and even nasa itself .
he organizes it by first getting the reader s attention by using shocking statements in the introduction . then the author tells the readers about what spark junk is exactly and how it becomes space junk . then the author tells about because of so many dead satellites they can crash into each other cause they are freely orbiting the earth . then he or she states that even though after crashes in space and all the little pieces of the sate billets can still harm the earth because of how much speed is being increased .
the author makes everything build upon each other . first the author grabbed the readers attention . second the author got more serious and showed people actually care about space junk . then the author ended the article by give statistics and statements that make the reader notice the severity of space junk .
the author uses an attention letter at the beginning of the article to draw readers in . he then changes his tone to that of a more formal one . underneath the title what is space junk he familiarizes you with what exactly space junk is . next he uses crash course to describe the possible dangers of space junk in outer space . lastly he emphasizes the seriousness of the problems space junk can cause .
the author organizes this article with an introduction into the topic followed by explaining the subject and the effects it holds . the author explains the subject through the paragraphs titled what is space junk throughout these paragraphs the author gives examples of what space junk is as well as an example of what happens if space junk were in the earth s atmosphere . the author follows with a description as to what happens after satellites become space junk . the author makes these description in the paragraphs of crash course . throughout the paragraphs little bits but a big deal the author then explains the effects the space junk has on the spacecrafts sent into orbit .
the author organizes this article orbiting junk into specific sections . he goes through the order you need to know things . he gives you the background or history of space junk . then he went into crash course which is talking about coaches that has happened over the years . finally he gets out little bits but a bit deal and this section talks about how small something can be but make a big problem .
he grabs the reader s attention in the introduction then explains what space junk is then how it gets to be junk in space . the author then shows the big deal in space junk and why it should be solved .
the author organizes the article by putting them into subgroups . we start of with the orbiting junk subgroup which is the opening paragraphs . next we move on to what is space junk which explains the history of space exploration . it also talks about the problems with this though and how when a satellite dies it just keeps going in space . that is how we get space junk . next we have crash course which focuses on one important crash that occurred between two satellites . this is important because it talks about one main important moment when space junk really became a problem . last they have little bits but a big deal . this part is the conclusion and talks about all the problems space junk can cause . it gives us examples like in paragraph about the lost tool bag . this is important because it gives us a idea of just how dangerous this is . so that is how the author organizes this well written article . it helps keep it organized and makes it easier as a reader to read .
he organizes this article by breaking it up on different topics of the same subject . for example under what is space junk he talks about the malfunctions and how satellites were first used . under crash course he talks about satellites and their possibilities of crashing or becoming a free orbiting satellite . but under little bits but a big deal it mentions about how tiny debris can cause serious problems .
the author first catches your attention using the introduction . in the introduction the author says grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor it s a . . . tool bag then the author explains what the item of the topic is and how it got there . the author says over the past years a variety of spacecraft . . . have been sent beyond earth s atmosphere . after that the author explains the consequences of the item by saying with no one at the controls dead satellites run the risk of colliding with each other . the author follows up by saying tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the most carefully designed spacecraft . the author closes his article by explaining the way the situation is being taken care of . the author says space agencies hope that the corporations and nations involved can work together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution .
the author organizes it by dividing it into sections that reflect the size of the different types of space junk . in the second section crash course the author explains the dangers of the larger debris while in the third section little bits but a big deal the author explains the dangers of small particles and objects to spacecraft .
they organize the article into sections that are important and give explanation . the sections she what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article using an introduction two body sections and then a conclusion . in the introduction the author describes what the article is about by stating in paragraph orbital pathways around our planet that were once clear are now cluttered with the remains of numerous space exploration and satellite missions . the author gives excellent examples of how the space junk came to be and explained how and why these pieces of debris are not good . the author concludes by taking the article a step forward and showing that we can solve the problem of space junk .
the author organizes the article very well . the introduction is very intending pulling the reader in to find out what is the problem . the author then goes into detail about how the junk actually entered the atmosphere . the section titled crash course posses the problems that are radiating out of all the space junk . this includes the problem of sidelights running into each other . the author then ends the article explaining how little bits of undetectable degrees can harm space equipment .
in this article the author organizes the paragraphs into an introduction mentioning space junk with humor a paragraph explaining what space junk is specific details about crashes that bring to light what could happen in the future a section describing the harmful effects of tiny debris and finally a paragraph that explains how the effects are increasing and how nations are working together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution . this organization technique is common in information essays . first the problem is introduced and from there the problem is discussed with background information statistics comparisons analogies and inferences . for example the author uses the comparison of sand shot from a sandblaster to strip paint from a concrete wall in the section that describes the harmful effects of small debris .
the author organize s the article by headlines before talking about the article . for example the very first paragraph after the introduction has a headline that says what is space junk then it goes on to tell us about space junk . after paragraph five it has the headline that says crash course and it goes on to talk about that and lastly after paragraph seven it has the head line that says little bits but a big deal and they go on to describe that .
the author organizes the article in a very logical way . he begins by using an introduction that will get the attention of the reader . he follows this up by giving us a brief history of space junk . next he describes the severity of this topic . lastly he conclude by proposing a solution to this problem .
the organization of the article is simple yet very effective for the reader to truly understand the concept of space junk . in the beginning with the article called orbiting junk the author creates an interesting lead in to draw in the reader . after that paragraph the author proceeds in the body paragraph to tell the leader about space junk and the dangers that causes to other satellites . i especially liked how the author organized the paragraph called little bits but a big deal . i liked this because i had no idea that a tool bag would be such a treat if it was free floating in space . i like how it discussed the damages it caused by using a metaphor about sand and the dangers it held . through this organization of introduction body and conclusion the reader was able to understand how space junk is a serious matter .
the author organizes the article by having an interesting introduction that catches the reader s attention . next the author explains the danger of the main topic mentioned in the introduction . throughout the article until the conclusion the author says how dangerous and important the issues can be . lastly the author explains how scientists are trying to fix the space junk problem .
the author organizes the article by putting it in sections that are related to each other . first the author explains what space junk is then describes the dangers of the junk and finally explains why the junk is a big deal .
he organizes it into sections to explain space junk what has happened from space junk and why they are dangerous .
they list the sections in order of importance . to begin after they have the reader s attention from their introduction they explain what exactly causes the problem that they will later define . next they use the section crash course to show that this isn t just a rare occurrence that we will never really have to worry about but that it is a very problematic situation that we must prepare for . finally they show that as satellites collide and are smashed into smaller bits they become even more dangerous because there is a higher chance of them colliding because of their great numbers .
he or she starts off by informing the reader what space junk is setting the tone making sure the reader understands what s going on first . second he or she talks about the satellites crashing . third he or she talks about no matter how small the debris is it can still do heavy damage when going five miles per second .
by catching the readers attention then explaining what space junk is . it then gives examples of the consequences of space junk and emphasizes the dangers .
the author organize the article by opening it with a brief introduction about space junk . then he explain more clearly about space junk in the what is space junk . next is the evidence of the danger space junk can make in crash course . finally in little bits but a big deal the author points out how serious it is and space junk need to be solved by the corporation of nations .
the author starts out by telling the reader about past space explorations and how long ago and when the space race began . he also goes along and talks about how small debris in space can make a big intact on the earth and the damage it can do to the earth and the people on it . the author then goes along and talks about recent problems with he debris in space and the two satellites crashing into each other and the impact it had on the planet .
the author organizes the article with little articles in it . the first one grabs the attention of the reader and gives you an idea on what the article is going to e about . the second one is to help the reader understand the history of space exploration and how long people on earth have been doing it . the third one is all about satellites colliding together and creating space junk . the last little article tells the reader how small but still very dangerous the space junk is .
the author starts off by getting the readers attention in the introduction . then the author explains what space junk is . after that the author explains how it happens . finally the author wraps it up by explaining what damage little pieces of debris can do to a spacecraft
the author first tells you what space junk is then the author gives examples of how debris can be dangerous by telling you two stories about satellites crashing . at the end of the article the author tell the harmful effects space trash can cause .
the author organized the arrival by separating the information into sections that best fit the category that they belong to . orbiting junk the title of the arrival clarifies how space junk is a concern to government space agencies around the globe . what is space junk defines and gives history to what the term means and how it came to be just as how it sounds in the heading of the section .
first the writer grabs your attention with the introduction . then the writer tells you about the space trash in the section titled what is space junk . next he talks about how the satellites in orbit now can get smaller due to the fact that they could run into each other causing more derby in the section titled crash course . and finally typewriter tells us how the little objects floating around there now are a big deal and the more that the satellites break the more derby their will be in the future that section is title little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article into four main parts orbiting junk what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article into smaller subtopics which explain different aspects of space junk . each subtopic such as orbiting junk and crash course highlights an individual aspect of the problems caused by space junk while supporting the authors statement that space junk is a serious problem .
the author organizes the articles in a way that will make it easiest for us to understand . first he introduces us into what the whole piece will be about and gives us the main idea . then he explains what makes the space junk . next he gives an example of how the problem becomes more serious . finally he gives a lot of facts that describe how big of a deal this really is .
the author begins the article with a kidding tone . the introduction is not nearly as serious as the rest of the sections . what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal are all have a much more serious tone . what is space junk gives a background of space explorations and explains what space junk is . it also foreshadows the potential problems of space junk by asking what happens when a satellite dies or malfunctions . crash course describes how space junk came to be and different situations it involves . such as colliding satellites . little bits but a big deal describes other bad situations of space junk and the very serious problems they can cause . problems like disastrous holes .
they organize it by making up sections . for example what is space junk and crash course . having sections makes it easier to find the information you re looking for .
i believe that the author did a good job of organizing this article . an example of good or nazi ton is that he doesn t get side tract . they used good headings like what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article by writing about different topics in a section . for example in the article little bits but a big deal the author talks about how even the smallest fragments in space can be dangerous . the author organizes this article very well and it s easier to understand .
first it starts off how every good essay starts off . with a good hook to bring readers into it . next comes the beginning statement the sentence that tells the audience what the writer is writing about and where they stand . after that you have the body which in this case is made up of the history of space travel the information of how much and what makes up the debris and finally the impact it has on our space explorers . after these statements comes the closure of the article giving all of the well rounded information that it is steadily increasing .
the author organizes this article by having a strong attention grabbing introduction and three main topics that support his opinion on the harm of space junk orbiting earth . his conclusion paragraph states that there is an awareness of need for a solution to the three suggested issues but no solutions have been drawn by any nation thus far .
the author starts with an attention letter . next the author explains the main topic and what exactly space junk is . further more the author seaways into the risks of dead satellites which he finished speaking about at the end of the first section . lastly the final section is about how space debris is dangerous and how it s a topic that many care about and it s not a small matter .
the author goes from telling what space junk is then to satellites crashing and finally to little debris in space that can harm you
the author organizes the article by first introducing the problem at the beginning and then explaining the matter . then the article goes on to talking about how the space trash and satellites can crash and creating dozens of pieces and debris . then from the crash the article explains how the little microdebris can also cause a huge bad impact also .
the author organizes the article by having an introduction that grabs the readers attention . then they going on to explain what the topic of space junk is . finally they going into different section of how space junk is dangerous .
the author organizes the article in to different sections so that we can learn about different things about how space deere is formed . the articles names are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the article talks about how the space junk got in to orbit over the past years then it talks about how it can be dangerous to us . also how the finest particles can cause damage .
the author organizes this article by grouping together similar topics and titling them in order of describing space junk to the solution of space junk . it starts with what is space junk and ends with little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article by heading each section with a title for example what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . then in each section the author gives details about the topic of the section given away in the titles . this makes understanding the information easier .
the author organizes the article by using the classic topical structure . there is the introduction followed by the three subtitles what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the author then supports the subtopics by details put in two to four paragraphs .
the author puts all the main points as his title . in the article it says what is space junk then it has all of the information about space junk underneath it .
it tells you what space junk is the soviet union launched the first satellite then united states followed . crash course what happens when the satellite die in space . little bits but a big deal that some people care but other just don t now about what going on in space .
he organizes it by sections by different parts . one is what is space junk crash arouse and little bits but a big deal .
the author of this article organizes it in a very intelligent way . first the author begins with an introduction that captures the attention of the reader . other than the beginning title the author also includes subtitles or headings . the author uses three different headings to divide the different pieces of information into the same categories . the subtitles are organized in a way that helps grow on the seriousness of space junk . this can simply be seen through the subtitles themselves what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article by starting off with the question what is space junk in the two paragraphs the author explains about history of going into space . then there is another title crash course . those two paragraphs explain satellites crashing into each other . then there is another titled little bits but a big deal . those three paragraphs explain the floating lost things in space .
the author organized the article orbiting junk by adding different sections of reading . in saying sections i am referring to the titles through out the article . what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal those titles are all examples of how the author organized his article .
the author organizes this article in a simple yet effective way . they have chosen one main point which is space junk and created a few subtopics . by doing this they have made it simple to stay on topic and still learn about different aspects of the problem . the article begins by telling the audience what problem they are going to elaborate on which is orbiting junk . next they answer the question that many of us may be asking ourselves . what is space junk well after reading the second paragraph we know what that is . after this we are educated on risks of crashes and collisions with the junk that is orbiting in our solar system . last of all we read that no matter how small the object is it can have a large impact on other objects in the atmosphere . because these smaller topics are separated from each other the reader can maintain their attention while reading of the many different factors of space junk .
he organizes the article by titling things in sections like what is space junk and only talks about what is needed in that section and crash course is another way the author broke up the article .
he organizes the article by catching the reader s attention before explaining the serious issues of space junk . he then explains what space junk is so we understand what he is talking about later on the article better . after he explains what space junk is he talks about the history of us invading space and how stuff gets left behind . then he explains how space junk is a serious matter to earth and the people heading to space .
the author starts out explaining what space junk is and how it got up in space . then they talk about the dangers of it being in space and the impact of the space junk collisions both satellites traveling at more than mph crashed into each other miles above the earth . then they go into why this is all a big deal to us and the world .
the author puts the article together in different sections . first there is the hook and intro . then there is some background info and then the statistics and current matters on this subject .
in this selection the author organizes his her main points into sections that relate and flow from one to the other . for example he she use the transition form the main title orbiting junk to what is space junk . these sections describe what space junk is . then he she transition into the dangers of space junk by using titles such as crash course which transitions into little bits but a big deal . these sections demonstrate the dangers of colliding satellites . the author organized his her selection in a way that flows from one point to the next .
the author begins the article with an attention grabber in order to make the reader interested in the topic . giving the reader a little information regarding space junk the author clarifies the topic and gives details in the second section what is space junk . describing the main topic to the reader gives the author an opportunity to discuss the problems with this increasing volume of junk . the author ends the passage by describing the dangers of these pieces of debris stating that the objects in space are similar to . . . sand shot from a sandblaster . . . the author concludes his passage with a tone of resolution he hopes that solutions can be created to stop this growing problem .
they talk about the definition of space junk that is in our outer space . they give an example about when the soviet union launched the first satellite inter outer space . then in goes on and talks about the crash course which is when the dead satellites run the risk of colliding with other objects floating in space . the problem is it can only see about the size of a baseball and their are smaller things floating around in space that can crash into the satellite . that hurts the natalie because the objects are going at least five miles in space . the space shuttle isn t moving that fast and is very delicate . the amount of space trash is increasing because the commercial space travel is up because more nations have taken space explorations . they are hoping to come up with a solution to stop this pollution in space .
the author organizes the article in categories as to help the reader understand the article better . the article starts out with definition what is space junk goes to how some space junk is created crash course and then goes to why space debris is a big deal in little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article by true facts . he first talks about the history and how satellites first started out in space . then he goes into if the collide what would happen and how it would be harmful to space . he lets you know how some of the satellites travel how fast they move per second . he lets you know that when they do collide harmful things can come from it . he organized it so that after you something beneficial he urges that something bad can also come from something good .
the author organizes the article by having headings for different topics . this makes it easier for the reader to follow and stay on topic . the author begins the article with a common phrase it s a bird it s a plane it s superman but with a unique spin . the author then presents a heading what is space junk to show that the fun friendly introduction is complete and the serious article is beginning . from there the author uses a new heading ie . . crash course little bits but a big deal to show when he is about to begin a new topic .
the author organizes the article in different sections by explaining the different aspects of space junk such as the categories of orbiting junk what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author started off by telling us what space junk is then went into the different categories . what is space junk is the title for the first couple of paragraphs .
the introduction gets your action to read the arrival and tells you what its going to be about . what is space junk gives more information on the objects in our atmosphere and what they are doing there . crash course tells a story about how some space junk gets in the atmosphere . and the last paragraph tell how all this is really a big deal and something should be done about it .
they break it into sections which allows the reading to get a better understanding . for example in the introduction grab your telescope allows the reader to jump on board in a sense . in the what is space junk section in the soviet union lunched the first artificial satellite . this give the reader facts and ideas of what is going on . in crash course with no one at the controls dead satellites run the risk of colliding with each other . this shows risks and what could happen . little bits but a big deal those bits of space debris present a very serious problem . shows why we should be worried .
the author organizes the arrival into groups . he explains all of the troops what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . e expanse what will happen or what could happen in space if something runs into each other or if an astronaut dropped something wile working .
he organizes it by making the introduction telling you that space junk might just fall on you . then he tells you what space junk is basically . after that he tells you how they collide and form into microdebris and how they might crash onto earth . little bits but a big deal shows you that some people might not really care about those tiny forms of debris but you actually should if they go at a very fast speed .
he organizes the article from history to crashes tithe problems that concern micro debris . and what is being done to stop it .
the author first starts out with the introduction which explains what it is about . the next paragraph is what is space junk which is telling us what space junk is which is the cause for all the debris and junk in space . the next paragraph is called crash course which tells us what the space junk has caused in space . the last section is little bits but a big deal and it tells how people feel about the junk and what is going to happen to it all .
the author organizes the article with specific titles for each section . for instance one of the titles is called crash course . this section of the article explains how satellites and other debris floating in space can potentially collide and screw up satellites with will affect global communication .
the author organizes the article into sections that explain what it is what is causes and how we are affected . each section is well informed and organized . such as the two satellites colliding in the section titled crash course .
the author organizes the article with an introduction and three body paragraphs . paragraph one gives a brief history of the great space invasion and poses the question of what happens to the damaged satellites telescopes and space capsules that cannot be repaired . paragraph two begins with what may happen if two unmanned satellites were to collide in space resulting in hundreds of microsatellites . finally paragraph three expresses the seriousness of the matter stating that at extreme speeds small objects can create huge wholes and damage other space equipment . a solution is difficult but engineers have compensated by adding protecting to objects in space . it also emphasizes the growing number of satellites capsules telescopes etc . being sent into space and how therefore space trash is increasing .
the author starts out the article with an introduction the will grab the readers attention and make them keep reading . he also cargo rises each section with a title like what is space junk crash course and little bits but big deal to let the reader know what each paragraph is about . the author insures the reader by using true information instead of his or hers own opinions .
the author organizes the article by first grabbing the readers attention then describing what space junk really is then how space junk is formed and lastly why we should care about it and what we can do to reduce space junk .
the author organize the article by putting everything in its own section of the article . for example in the first paragraph the author puts a part about space junk . then in the second paragraph he talks about what space junk is and how it comes to be . at the end of the article he says how space junk is becoming a really big problem for everyone . that is how he organizes the article .
they organize it into subject matter what is space junk crash course and little bits bit a big deal . they also try to catch the readers attention with the titles of the sections .
he starts off by giving information on the history of satellites then goes into detail on how satellites can collide with each other . that is when he then explains why space trash is bad .
the first part of the article he uses the word space junk . then in paragraphs and he explains what it is and how they circle the earth in there own orbit . in paragraphs and he talks about what happens if two of the satellites collide together then it forms tiny peace of material that cant be seen from earth . also in the last paragraph he tells how the tiny prices of debris still plays a big part in space .
the author organizes the arrival into one over all topic which is the introduction and three sub topics . i agree that space junk could become a big problem . i feel this way because the route if you find that hard to believe compare grains of sand blown by a gentle breeze to those shot from a sandblaster to strip paint from a concrete wall . that route shows that even small substances can cause a lot of harm if it has enough force and something falling back to earth from space would have a ton of force .
the author organizes the article by giving information about space junk then talking about dead satellites and there risk of colliding with each other . the ending talks about how these small pieces of space junk are actually a dangerous problem . there are even titles to go along with the classification including what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article into four major groups the introduction what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article by putting it into four main sections . the first section is just the opening that catches one s attention . the second section is explaining what the space just is . without this section one may be confused as to what the author is talking about . the third section is about times when objects in space have collided and made lots of debris that is still floating around today . finally the last section is talking about how even though there are just tiny bits of debris it is still very dangerous . this is a very good way for the author to present their information .
the author starts with orbiting junk and what is space junk to describe exactly what space junk is and what it is caused by . the author then follows with crash course and uses this section to explain what the problems are that space junk can cause . finally the author ends with little bits but a big deal and describes what can be done to prevent the problems that space junk causes and what space centers are doing to help the cause .
the author organizes the article into multiple sections divided by headings . the author does this to help the reader get a better understanding about what he she is learning about . first you learn about the history of space travel . then you are given information on a real collision that occurred a couple of years ago . following this the information is then put into perspective by talking about a sandblaster . finally the call to action takes place to conclude this article .
the author organizes the article by first explaining the origins of the microdebris that litters the solar system then going into explaining the harmful problem that this debris is creating for the earth s surface .
the author organizes this article into different categories . in the categories called what is space junk it goes to describe the different types of debris and how they become lost on our atmosphere . in the article called crash course it describes two satellite crashes that happened in and .
the author organized this article very well . after introducing the piece he went straight to informing educating his readers about how space junk came to exist . he then moves on to tell the readers about how satellites can be great contributors to space junk followed by the importance of awareness and concerns of space junk . he informs his readers how the various pieces of junk can be harmful to machinery that scientists send into space but all how the damage from the collisions of space junk to said machines is unavoidable . the author then ties up the peace with how space agencies are hoping to work with other corporations and even nations to come up with a solution to the space pollution .
the author organizes the article by first giving a story in the introduction along with a paragraph about orbital pathways and space junk . then he or she explains what space junk really is in the next paragraph . the ending paragraph in that section talking about dead satellites circling the globe in uncontrolled orbit leads to the next main point crash course . that talks about the american and russian satellites crashing and leaving debris all over its newly created orbital path . also it says that accidents do happen and gives an example on an astronaut loosing grip of a tool bag while doing repairs on the international space station . this leads into little bits but a big deal . in this paragraph it says so who cares about a lost tool bag or tiny bits of space trash this leads into the subject that many people do intact care . it then proceeds to talk about that and then ends the article with the conclusion .
he organize his article in the way he is talking about what is space junk in one section crash course in other section and little bits but a big deal in other section so we can understand better because everything is not together .
this article is organized with a fairly common format . first is a small shocking anecdote which serves to grab the attention of the reader . then are a few sections highlighting the necessary details the reader needs to know to fully understand the problem such as an explanation of how space junk comes to be and how space junk is so dangerous . these are followed by a conclusion paragraph highlighting the most important information to help the message sink in one last time .
the author organizes this article from beginning to end . the author starts with simple facts and attention letters then makes the way down towards the important facts . the author has three major facts and he supports them with detail and then give their overall view of their option on the article .
the author organizes this article by first catching the reader s attention with lines and in the introduction with an unbelievable statement that seems false . next the author wants to tell you about the history of satellites and other objects we have sent in to space and how they are still orbiting this earth . this lets the reader know there is a ton of waste in our atmosphere . crash course and little bits but a big deal tell us how dangerous all of these large and small bits are to astronauts and satellites . at the end of the last paragraph the author concludes that scientists are trying to find a way to clear or avoid these bits of matter . therefore that is how the author organizes this article .
the author organizes this article by having headings . the heading what is space junk lets you know this passage will be about space junk and what it is . each heading helps the reader know exactly what they will be reading about . this is a good way of keeping an article organized .
the author first uses a funny statement then uses a more serious passage about the beginning of satellites . then to how these satellites can sometimes crash causing debris to scatter . then finally how these little prices of debris can become lethal .
the author of orbiting junk effectively organizes his piece to inform the reader of the dangers of space trash . he begins with an introduction and gives the reader interest along with the basic background needed to understand the purpose of the article . the author then moves into the section of what is space junk where he proceeds to the story of the great space invasion . he tells the reader of the many satellites within our atmosphere from this race and introduces the idea of the satellite malfunctioning and creating space junk . in crash course and little bits but a big deal the author uses strong language unknown problems with space junk and a real life example to convince the reader of how harmful space junk is to the human race . he ends with a conclusive paragraph that the dangers of space junk are actually increasing leaving with the small hope that there is a solution in the works to stop the space pollution .
the author organizes this article so that it is easy for the reader to understand . the author starts by explaining what the problem is in the section what is space junk . he then explains in crash course what happens . and then in the last section little bits but a big deal the author explains to the reader why this problem is such a big deal .
the author starts out with a humorous exploration of a toolbag which is later explained . the tone is switched to a more serious one and talks about how the space junk is dangerous . the author brings in some history which is needed to explain a few things . afterwards the article tells how the microdebris can destroy things launched into space and gives an analogy to give a picture . then ends with how the pollution in space is increasing and how it is a huge problem .
he explains what he is talking about by saying he sees some space junk in the sky . next he explains what it is and gives some background information on it . then he explains how it causes satellites to collide into each other . objects in space are considered orbiting satellites which is dangerous for astronauts . finally he explained exactly how it is dangerous and what he can do .
the author organize the article by what is space junk in the soviet union launched the first artificial satellite . the next section is about crash course with no one at the controls dead satellites run the risk of colliding with each other . the last section is about little bits but a big deal actually many people do . those bits of space debris present a very serious problem .
the author organizes the article by headlines . he uses the headlines what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal to separate information .
the author organizes the article by using headings . the different headings talk about some of the topics that have to do with space junk . under the section titled what is space junk the author explains how the engines used to power spaceships are disintegrated . under crash course the author explains how satellites collide into each other . finally the in little bits but big deals the author explains how the little things that are insane can potentially cause great problems .
first the author starts out very enthusiastic and wanting to actually tell you about the topic he wants to express . the author uses a very catchy introduction and it really got me hooked from the first time i read it . then he gets serious and starts telling about how space junk is really a harmful thing and we are under estimating what it can do . then he starts talking about crash course which tells you how people cant control dead satellites but they are still a major threat .
the author breaks the article up into four parts orbiting junk what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author first begins with an introduction to what the article will be about . they then move on to over viewing what space junk consists of and how it came to be . after that they deliver information about satellites crashing into one another and how that forms debris that orbits around our earth . finally they discuss how big of an impact this debris can have on our atmosphere and earth s surface .
the author organizes the article by explaining what the article is about and then telling how dangerous it can be even if it is only a small piece . what is space junk tells about what it is and how long it has been up there and when they figured out what it was . the section crash course tells about how the little particles in space can damage the satellites even if they are small pieces . the last section little bits but a big deal tells about what the fragments can do to a satellite . it also tells how the spacecraft is designed to try to avoid the little particles but sometimes can not avoid them all . this article explains what space junk is and how it affects the satellites it also explains how much damage something so little can do .
the author organizes the article by putting a title on each different matter that they are addressing . what is space junk describes what it is they are talking about and informing the reader . crash course is all about collisions with satellites and other space junk that is orbiting the earth . last but not least little bits but a big deal states various instant ances where tiny debris can harm the biggest of objects due to the speed that it is traveling and the dangers of having space junk . the author let s the reader know what each part will be about .
the author organizes the article by first introducing the topic and that it poses a threat . the author then goes on to give background information about how a lot of the debris gets into orbit . in the next section section the author describes what happens to the debris when it is outer space and how it can pose major problems . finally the author explains the threat of the debris to humans and what is being done to counteract the space pollution .
the author organizes the article in small sections with only a few paragraphs to explain the subtopic in each section . the subtopic what is space junk consists of two paragraphs . it is all under the main topic orbiting junk .
the author separates the article in different categories . the order of the article is the introduction explaining what space junk is explaining what happens in space with the space junk and lastly explaining the dangers of space junk .
the author organizes this article by starting out with a general idea then focusing into details of that idea as you continue on in the section . in the introduction the idea of space junk is first introduced in a catchy way . next in the first section space junk is defined for the reader and it is explained why space junk is in space . then in the next section crash course some problems with space junk are introduced as well as some more details . finally in the last section the idea that space junk can be problematic is introduced . supporting details are added to the section and then the author wraps up the article . the author has organized this article by starting with a general topic of space junk then adding more detail and ideas to that topic as the article continues .
the author starts off by giving background information about junk that orbits in the orbiting junk headline . the author then proceeds to give the reader background information on space junk in the what is space junk headline . the author then goes on to talk about space junk and its path and possible collision course . after that the author shows how little pieces of junk can have a huge and costly impact on the space environment . the passage is written like an essay with an introduction body and a conclusion .
the author starts out by telling the reader that a tool bag is floating in space . the next section entitled what is space junk explains how disabled satellites can become junk orbiting the earth . the next section entitled crash course explains how satellites can collide with each other and create many more dangerous free orbiting satellites . the final section entitled little bits but a big deal explains how the smallest space junk can create problems such as damage to space craft .
the author put titles about paragraphs that describe something about space junk . the beginning of each new section tells you facts about debris or history that gets you interested on reading more . what is space junk tells you about how junk got there in the first place . talking about the first launch and the space race in the cold war . crash course tells you about some of the recent collisions among satellites and what people have left behind . little bits but a big deal talks about how even the smallest items can damaged a space craft . it also tells about how it is increasing and becoming more of a problem .
the author organizes the article in descriptive paragraphs . the subtitle what is space junk describes the history of space travel and how space junk is created . the subtitle crash course provides a specific example of space debris being created . the subtitle little bits but a big deal describes the harmful effects of space junk .
the author first starts off with an interesting introduction by providing rhetorical statements like it s a . . . tool bad then the author gives the reader a background on space junk and what it can do out in outer space . the author then concludes that this debris or junk can collide in space and the little fragments can cause damage as well as big fragments .
the author organizes the article by putting it in sections each title foreshadows what the section will most likely be about . in the lines orbital pathways around our planet that were once clear are now cluttered with the remains of numerous space exploration and satellite missions is under the title orbiting junk which fits the title perfectly .
the author begins with an attention grabbing introduction . next they explain what caused the space junk to accumulate . then the author warns us of what may happen if we continue to pollute space . finally the author states facts that support their statement .
he begins with a simple introduction which catches the readers attention . then he to a serious point where the author starts explaining about space junk . once he gets to his point he starts explaining on how useful satellites become space junk over time . on how it becomes space junk and dont get taken out and stay there orbiting the earth and end up crashing with each other and become more of a problem .
the author organizes this article very well . they get your attention with mutual thing that draw your attention . the author breaks all the important information up into paragraphs so the readers knows whats going on and can learn as much as possible . for example the crash course has nothing about space junk . the author does a good job putting all the information that goes together into one paragraph . they dont mix it up and confuse the readers they make it easy to read and packed full with good information .
the author organized this article by using subtitles like what is space junk first the author grabbed the attention of the reader than began to make the article .
the author organizes this article by an attention grabber then telling us what space junk is next telling us about the collision of satellites in space then lastly the author explains the dangers of space junk in space . no matter how small the space junk is it is dangerous .
to begin with the author organizes the article in which he gets the readers attention by saying grab your telescope look up at the sky its a comet it s a meteor next the author tells the reader all of the background information about the space junk . in this section it says in the soviet union launched the first artificial satellite . then the article tells about the crash course . finally it tells about how the little pieces in space are a big deal when they are moving fast . these small pieces can cause damage because of the rate of speed that they are moving .
the author organizes this article in sections . the first paragraph the introduction introduces the topic of the article . the second section what is space junk provides an explanation of what the topic is exactly . the third section crash course shows how the problem began . the forth section little bits but a big deal shows how important the topic really is in regard to the pollution of the earth .
the author organizes the article into three sections . he talks about three very important problems in space . one section talks about and describes what is space junk . for example it talks about satellites in space and staying there becoming junk . the next section talks about space junk crashing into space objects causing harm to space ships . the last section talks about a little objects in space can be a big deal .
first there an introduction and that gets you to want to read and figure out what the purpose of the story is . then it explains what space junk is and gives history of how it has been made and some history about satellites . after that it gives and example of a time in which an occurrence has happened when two satellites collided . then the story goes on about what precautions and how dangerous it is when they launch space missions or satellites . i thought it was a good way to organize it all .
the author organizes the article by dividing it into short sections that build upon each other . the introduction serves to catch the reader s attention what is space junk informs the reader about what exactly space junk is and the final two sections inform us of the author s opinions on space junk .
the author organizes the article by breaking it up into smaller bits of information that all have to do with one another subject wise . the sections in the article are arranged in a way that is easy to understand and gives information so you understand the next article . this is obvious because if the author didnt give you the what is space junk part you wouldn t understand what space junk is in the next two sections .
the author organizes the article by providing an example of space junk why it is occurring and just how dangerous space junk can be . in the first section the writer tells about the tool bag and how orbitals for states are cluttered . in the second and third sections the writer is explaining what space junk is and how it occurs . in the last section the writer talk about the problems space junk is posing and how it is more important than people think . this organization is effective because the reader wants to continue reading for explanations and examples .
the author starts on a somewhat fast pace trying to grab the reader s attention . it starts with how space junk got there and where it all came from and what they put in space . then it goes to crash course which tells about how all them satellites and other space debris collide at speeds that are very fast . and finally little bits which is about how the little debris can do a lot of damage to orbiting satellites .
the author starts off by telling us what space junk is . which is debris from satellites and tools . then he tells us how space junk is created . he tells us about the collision of two satellites and about and astronaut dropping a tool box . next the author says that even the smallest bits of the space junk is harmful and can do serious damage . finally the author comes up with ways to prevent space junk from harming space crafts .
the author uses different titles and descriptions for each of the paragraphs that are used . he describes many of the passages by showing what can happen . for example in crash course he tells about how satellites can come to collide with each other and cause serious damage and make more space debris . also in the passage little bits but a big deal the author shows what can happen to an object whenever it gets hit by debris by noting what a sandblaster can do to a concrete wall .
the author breaks the article into three parts which are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the author does this so he can get the point of each section across in an easier way to understand .
the author begins with an introduction intended to catch the reader s attention . he then explores the topic in more detail using three different sections . the first one entitled what is space junk explains how space junk comes to orbit the earth . the next section crash course describes what happens when multiple pieces of space junk collide . finally little bits but a big deal explains why space junk is a problem and why it is important to find a solution .
the author organizes the article by breaking down the main points into sessions instead of just reading it with no explanation . it starts off with a problem the problem is explained the problem happens then finally it says how the problem can be taken care of . the introduction is riveting and makes makes people want to read more of the article . it holds attention by starting off with seeing something up in the sky . the next two paragraphs explain what space junk is . it tells what is happening in space and how many problems arrived in space . they raise the awareness of what is happening in space and how it could be a problem in the future . the section titled crash course tells us the problem . it says how it is not safe and how an accident happened in space with all the debris flying around . finally the last section tells us how we can care . clean up is possible . but it is still dangerous in space . many fragments float around that cannot be detected . it also says that space agencies are working together to make space debris free . the article is organized chronologically . they state a problem and throughout the paragraph they say what happens and how efforts are being made to make it better .
what is space junk is kind of like an introduction to the seriousness of the passage . it tells us some starter facts and other things . crash course explains a couple starter facts that introduce us to little bits but a big deal . little bits but a big deal kind of wraps up the entire passage and explains into more detail what space junk really is and the dangers of it . it explains that it s not going like five miles and hour but thousands
the author divides the article into sections and an introduction . each section has a main focus but is still an idea within the main topic of space debris . the introduction is used to draw the reader in with odd statements that one does not usually here . then in the first section the author introduces the topic of space debris and gives a brief explanation . the following section explains collisions involving space debris . the last section explains the severity of space debris and summarizes the article .
the author organizes the article by putting the information into categories . they give a brief summary in the introduction and go straight into the first section what is space junk the author explains what space junk is and how it is formed . next they go into what happens if two space satellites collide with each other in the crash course section of the article . they give examples about this topic . and finally they end the article with the little bits but a big deal section . this talks about the seriousness of space junk . so overall the author chooses to organize the article by sorting the information into subjects based on the different topics of space junk . this makes the article very easy to read and to understand .
the author organizes the article by using headers . the author has an introduction and then information on the space junk itself what the space junk does and how big of a deal it is .
the author organizes the article by catching the readers attention with the introduction and then give the reader son historical facts about how the space junk got into space . the author then states that the satellites are at a higher risk of colliding with each other and causing more derby . the last section the author mentions is that the smallest debris can cause massive damage to a space craft that is in orbit .
the author organizes the article in sections . first the author opens with an introduction to grab the readers attention . then the author gives some background information about what space junk really is . the author than states an instance where space junk caused an accident . finally the author ends the article by telling of the dangers of space junk and what it can do to effect the earth .
the author organizes the arrival by subtitles . some of the subtitles they used are what is space junk and crash course
the author first introduces the idea of space junk and the government s concern with it . he then writes of how the junk gets into the atmosphere and who has caused this issue . he tells of the variety as well . next he points out the danger of dead satellite collisions and again specifies some of the reasons that such debris occur in space . he goes on to make sure that all realize that this is dangerous to themselves so that they do not blatantly disregard the article . he emphasizes the danger of small particles at high speeds to those on earth and those in space . he also writes of the increase in space junk that is occurring due to commercial space travel . he also reveals the hope that corporations and nations have to come up with viable solutions to space pollution . this organization is done to make sure to hold the interest of the reader until the end so that they will finish reading the article to educate themselves on the issue of space junk and how it pertains to them .
the author organizes the article by giving information about space junk then providing the dangers of it . they then explain how space junk is created by space capsules telescopes satellites and even astronauts themselves . at the end of the article the author explains ways scientists are trying to solve the problem but will not be able to fully do so . this shows how serious the problem is .
he puts it into sections . first he tells what space junk is . next he tells how it is created . last he tells how cares about this and tells that nasa is looking for a solution for space junk .
the author organizes this article by starting it off with an interesting scenario . then after he gains our attention he explains what space junk is . after that he tells us how even space junk is small it can still provide a large amount of damage because of the speed it is traveling at . the author then closes the article by giving in detail how the different space agencies planned to solve the problem of space debris . this article was organized to give facts to the reader but at the same time make it easy to understand and interesting .
the author organizes this article by explaining what space junk is what space junk can cause and the harm that it can do to the expensive material in space and it also shows how even the smallest material orbiting the earth can be a large hazard to satellites .
the author organizers the article in an easy to understand way . first the author catches your attention and states the problem . then in the section what is space junk they quickly describe what space junk is and how it is created . in the section titled crash course the author shows evidence of satellites colliding and how they produced more microdebris . in the final section they explain how the space garbage can cause complications for spacecraft . overall the article was assembled in a simple way that made it easy to understand for any reader .
the author organized the article by using an introduction what an attention letter to get the reader s interest . he she then uses facts about the history of earth s space invasion which caused the mess of space junk . afterwards the author explains that space junk can collide into one another . lastly he she explains why it is a big deal to many people why space junk is dangerous .
the author organizes the article into four different sections . the author first starts the article with an introduction paragraph about space junk that foreshadows what the rest of the article contains . then the article has a section that gives background information about how space junk came to life . the next section gives actual examples of what can happen when random space junk is orbiting the earth . finally the last section tells the reader how dangerous space junk can be at high speeds and how this space pollution is still affecting space travel today .
he begins with an introduction and then goes on the describe what space junk is then talks about a crashing of satellites and then finally why such small pieces are such a big deal .
the author starts out in the introduction by really getting you ready for what is to come . in the fourth to fifth paragraph she explains what the space junk is and what it means for us . in the crash course section she talks about satellites and how they have failed to work before and how that affects things . in the last section she explains why that space junk is harmful and what it does for space exploration .
the author organizes the article by topic . such as the titles what is space junk and crash course these titles help us understand the things the author is trying to explain .
it begins with a humorous surprising hook followed by explaining what space junk is after it tells readers about examples of said space junk and ends with why people should care about it . the titles of the section and article orbiting junk what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal do a good job at summing up what the sections and article is about .
the author has organized this article by asking questions or stating a subtitle for the next paragraph to answer . one subtitle is named crash course the paragraph then explains how the crash coarse in made and how it is dangerous .
the author organizes his article by using different sections that each describe different aspects of space junk . the first section describes what space junk is and what happens to it . the second section describes how some of the trash is generated through dead satellite collisions or small things like a lost tool bag . the last section describes why space debris can cause serious problems for spacecraft and research stations . the debris can be undetectable by military radar and travel at such speeds to the point of being highly dangerous .
in this article the author has organized it in a unique way . the author has used the providing information to contrast the harmful dangers of space junk . the article is separated in different categories where that topic is explained . the author tries to emphasize the importance of the outcome we will have if people ignore this situation . with no one to control the dead satellites they run with great risks of colliding with each other . this can cause a harmful effect and is what happened in february . this impact caused hundreds of pieces of debris each assuming its own orbital path .
the author organizes this article by putting similar information together and leading up to the conclusion . he starts with the introduction by introducing space junk . then he provides the audience with information about what space junk is . the author then gives the audience information on how effective crashes can be in space . he finishes off by telling the audience how these small things in space can make a huge impact .
the author follows the introduction with background information on the history of space exploration and introduces the urge of different countries to begin researching space . the author than transitions from speaking about satellites that begin orbiting into the dangers involving collisions between objects in space . to add credibility a actual account is stated that relates how serious this problem of space junk can be . finally the importance of safety is again stressed and it is said that the problem has not yet been solved .
the author organized the article very well . the author uses the introduction to get the point across . he then does a good job in explaining what space junk really is and how it is increasing as we are now doing more and more space research . this is followed by the section crash course which explains how space junk causes collisions in orbit . the next section emphasizes the damage this space junk can cause to space crafts and other research satellites . the ending is also very well thought out rest align the problem and showing how it is an increasing problem . i liked this article and thought it was very well organized by the author .
the author organizes the article by addressing a brief history of space travel and a brief description of what exactly space junk is . then it gives us some examples of what caused some space junk to accumulate and make microdebris fields . lastly they address what they have tried to do to reduce the amount of space junk that is orbiting our planet .
the author organizes this article by using different sections . the article uses the section what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the cause for this is to have everything more organized .
the author organizes this article in sequential order . the article starts by telling you what space junk is . then the author tells you what affects it has on satellites . finally the author explains how the debris is small and it makes it hard for astronauts to see it . this article is in sequential order because it shows the sequence in which the events happen .
the author organizes this piece very well do to the fact that everything is titled and is in there own little section . for example when they talk about the debris crashing into things they placed that in the crash course section of the piece .
in the article orbiting junk the author arranges the article in a logical sense he starts out with the introduction which uses rhetorical questions and well known phrases to grab your attention . he then moves on to inform you of the main problem of space junk with his primary thesis . the next section the author writes is what is space junk and this section has one major goal to inform us readers with the definition of space junk . in addition the author provides use with facts that show the length of time space junk can exist in orbit . the objects themselves however are positioned hundreds of miles above earth far from elements that would cause them to degrade or burn up . the next section is crash course this section shows how space junk gets into the atmosphere through the examples of american russian satellites colliding with each other or an astronaut accident releasing a tool bag . the next section little bits but a big deal focuses on the hard hitting truth that space debris can cause severe damage to space shuttles and astronauts . the author shows how undetectable pieces of debris also known as microdebris can cause significant damage through the comparison to the sand particles used in a sandblaster . the author closes his article with his conclusion that space trash is increasing in volume and size because of commercial space travel and how we need to undertake a solution to space pollution .
the author separates the article into a build up introduction and then different potential issues that can arise from space junk . the introduction goes along with what is space junk build up . and the other sections are issues arising due to space junk .
the author organizes the article by first grabbing the reader s attention with the sentence grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor it s a . . . tool bag . this passage is interesting and makes the reader want to read more . then the reader is told that this can actually happen and that this article is going to be about space junk . next the reader learns what makes up space junk and why it is there . the article explains how the space junk is the stuff that doesn t fall back to earth so it isn t burned up in the atmosphere . instead it floats around in space . the article also explains how satellites can also be considered space junk . in the next section crash course we are told why satellites can be considered space junk and what happens when they collide . we also learn how easy it is for space junk to get into space . but by now the reader is wondering why this matters and what problems could come from these little bits of debris . the author brings us to the answer with the section little bits but a big deal . this section explains why it is important and why such small pieces of debris can cause such big problems . a useful metaphor of sand and sandblasters is used here to put this problem into a perspective that can be understood easier by the general public . lastly the article explains what is being done about this problem . so in a more general form we are hooked into the story then given a problem then the problem is explained in more detail then we are told why it s a problem and lastly what solutions are out there and what is being done to solve this problem . this method of organization ensures that the reader is never confused and is given the information in a logical order answering the reader s questions directly as they come .
the author organizes this article by separating the information into different sections each focusing on one aspect of the main subject with each individual section leading into the next . in the first section for example the main idea is introduced through a creative opening that grabs the reader s attention and provokes interest in the topic . the next section then offers a more elaborate explanation of the topic of the article and a short history of how the problem of space junk began . the author then goes on to explain what happens to the debris and how collisions occur . the last section then explains why the collisions are a problem despite the small size of the debris . in this way the information from each section builds upon what was presented in the preceding section but each has its own specific topic . as this is an informational article it is arranged in a logical order to provide the best understanding of the facts .
the author starts out with a little background story of the great space race and how the effects when it comes into earth atmosphere . in crash course the author gives a story of what happen in february between two dead satellites and intro ing the paragraph into the next paragraph . in little bits but a big deal explain the affects of space junk . once the tiny fragments hits any spacecraft or satellites they could cause serious damage like and affect space observations in the future .
he organizes this article by first talking about what space junk is . during that paragraph he talks about satellites and what happens when they die or malfunction . he then tells people about the satellites and what happens to them . then he goes into what space trash and space junk is .
the author organizes the article by talking about the least important things to the most important things . he first talks about space junk which is not all that important except that it does effect space . then he talks about crashes that have happened and the importance of what happened . finally he then talks about space microdebris which really affects the space which could destroy astronauts spaceships whenever they go up to space .
in orbiting junk the author organizes the passage into many sections . the author has a intro then explains what space junk is and its effects on the earth .
this article is very well organized . in the introduction the author hooks us with interesting statements then following that he organizes the information he is trying to tell us into little sections . these include what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . by doing this he can clearly separate his ideas and also by reading the titles we can get an idea about what information we might find in those sections . one specific example is under the section titled what is space junk the author answers just that question . also if someone is looking for specific information due to the way this article is organized it would be more easy to locate . i think this was a very smart move in making a not so interesting topic at least for me personally reliable and easy to read .
the author breaks down the article into three different sections . this helps you better know about space junk in general when they collide and what happens and how harmful the little prices of debris can be .
the author organizes this article in a very comprehensive way . the author incorporated a lot of information into a very well written article . in the beginning he has a very good introduction that actually draws a reader into the story . next the author really explains to the reader what space junk is . the author then explains how satellites can crash together producing smaller space junk and the author then concludes by stating why this information matters . if these separate sections were out of order the story would not flow close to as well as it does .
the author of this article organized the article in a very clear manner . he starts with explaining what exactly space junk is . from there he explains what kind of problems it causes and how big these problems are .
the author organizes it very well . he starts by explaining to us what space junk actually is . next he tells us how microdebris is made by the crashing together of satellites . after that he tells us about how many people don t think it s a big deal but it is when the debris is traveling at high speeds .
in the beginning of the article the author uses the introduction as a way of grabbing the reader s attention . the phrase grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a meteor it s a . . . tool bag is used to try to grab the reader s attention by using a famous phrase and fitting it for the useful purpose of the article . the next three paragraphs are organized by the content within them . what is space junk is use to explain the space exploration history and to show how many satellites are being sent into space . crash course shows some examples of space crashes and how these crashes are not far and few between . finally little bits but big deal shows how scientists are trying to figure up a solution to the space junk problem .
by explaining what is space junk and describing how it got out in space and is still out there . then talks about crash causes that has happened out in space and the materials is still out there . finally talks about all the little pieces and how space ships have the hardest time driving through space avoiding all the garbage floating around .
in the first section called orbiting junk he introduces us to space junk and gets us interested in his article . after that he briefly explains the space age in what is space junk . then he talks about the dangers of sending objects into space because they can run into each other in crash course . in the final section called little bits but a big deal he talks about why it is important to fix this problem .
the author organizes the article in order to create a detailed introduction explanation and conclusion . the author begins by creating the introduction showing the beginning of space exploration . as the author continues through the essay he she adds factual information on the hazards of space debris . this allows the reader to have background knowledge on space debris and then have factual information about the disastrous debris . finally the author has a conclusion which includes specific examples of space debris disaster and the chances of more catastrophe in the future . in fact the amount of space trash is actually increasing because commercial space travel is on the rise and more nations have undertaken space exploration orbiting . the author concludes how space debris has become a serious obstacle in modern space exploration .
the author organizes this article by separating the information into different categories . he begins with a simple introduction to hook the reader . then he goes on to explain what space junk is and how it is formed . the third section describes the dangerous collisions that take place in space between the different satellites and such . the very last section states that even small bits of space debris can cause a big problem . overall the author did a great job of informing the reader about his point of view .
the author organizes the articles by putting them in categories . for instance they are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . they help the reader by telling them what the paragraph is mostly going to be about that way they are not confused for what is going on .
first the author gives an introduction informing the readers what the article will be about . then the next section explains what space junk is . the explanation includes the background of it and how it happens . after that section the author writes about different occurrences and the details of space junk . the final section talks about the power of space junk falling from the atmosphere . it also explains why it is a problem and how the problem is being fixed .
the author organize the article by using subheading and a strong intro . one of the subheadings is what is space junk . the author also uses varies fact throughout the article .
the author begins the article with an attention grabber . the author does this in order to place excitement into the article straight from the beginning . then the author asks the question what is space junk and follows it with a historical answer . the author goes into detail about the amount of spacecraft including space capsules telescopes and satellites that have been launched into space over the last years . with all of this stuff in orbit around the earth many things can crash and become space debris . this poses a threat to future space missions because bits of junk flying at intense speeds can cause harm to a spacecraft or an astronaut . after explaining the possible harms of space junk the author starts to explain that nasa national aeronautics and space agency is trying its best to find a solution to this problem but has not found one yet .
the author organizes the article by first stating that space junk can be dangerous . after that he explains what space junk is and where it comes from . in the section crash course the author shows how free roaming space equipment can be dangerous and hurt an astronaut or a satellite . at the end of the article the author states how nasa is trying to fix the problem to make it more safe for people and spacecrafts .
the author organizes this article into paragraphs of each topics with a title that sums up the main idea of the paragraph . in the paragraph what is space junk the author talks about the history of space travel and things going and getting stuck in space . crash course was given a clever title because it talks about space collisions . and the last paragraph little bits but a big deal explains why space debris is so important . do this time of set up is very good to organize the article and make it simple .
the author organizes this article in an effective way . it is easy to find what information that you will find in the different sections . the author starts the article with a statement that grabs the readers attention then moves into explaining what space junk is and giving some back gourd information . then the article moves into explaining the dangers of space junk and the potential that it has to affect earthly beings .
the author organized the article using topic headlines . he or she chose to introduce the idea of space junk initially and called it what is space junk . the second section was about what happens when satellites collide crash course . the third and final topic addresses the gravity of the situation expressing how consequential the microdebris actually is in little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article into four main sections . the first of these sections is the introduction where he grabs the reader s attention with an observation and the problem we are facing . in the second section of this article the author goes on to further explain the problem and how the problem is caused . the author begins with the first time a satellite was sent into space and how the satellite may eventually become another piece of space junk by malfunctioning . in the third section titled crash course the author explains how the problem is progressively becoming worse . he says that if two of these malfunctioning satellites collide with each other they would create hundreds of pieces of debris . in the fourth and final section of the article the author states that many people are concerned about this problem and how it will affect us . spaceships could be seriously damaged by these pieces of microdebris that is undetectable by our current technology .
the author organizes the article by firstly creating a good hook to get the reader interested in the rest of his her article . from here the author explains the beginnings of space exploration and how space junk has been emerging as a growing problem since then paragraph . after this the author further explains and provides reasoning for the growing amount of space junk in the atmosphere and the problems it poses . after this the author explains why even the smallest objects can be the most dangerous and hazardous to spacecraft . finally the author wraps up the article by restating the problem increasing amounts of space pollution and by concluding the article .
firstly the author grabs the readers attention . then author jumps right into details as two what is space junk is and how it got into space . thirdly the author explains how satellites collide in space and become space junk . lastly the author imposes on the danger and importance of preventing space pollution .
in the introduction the author tries to hook the reader in about space junk . then he tries to explain what space junk is and that it is a great concern around the globe . for example in the article it stated that microdebris fields are so small that they cannot be detected and if it hits a spacecraft it can be damaged . the author also states that if space agencies help then maybe space pollution will decrease .
the author organizes the article by separating different subjects under subtitle . for example under the subtitle crash course the author explains the time when the american and russian satellites crashed into one another .
the author organizes this article into four smaller articles that all have an overlying topic that is space junk . this allows the reader to take in as much information as possible . it also allows the reader to know where specific details come from and find them very quickly .
first he give a introduction letting you know what the article is about . then he gives you what is space junk and goes on to explain what its . crash course explains the dangers of space junk .
he starts out by explaining to the reader what space junk is he talks about things that have gone wrong in space to cause the space junk to be orbiting around in space . then he proceeds to talk about crash course which is when something is in space and it shouldn t be there it causes a threat to astronaut in space . finally he talks about little bits but a big deal . in this paragraph he is explaining that even though it may seem like a small thing to us here on earth but in space it is a big deal and it could cause serious problems for future space travel .
the author organizes the article by first explaining what the problem is . they then highlight what is causing this problem and give many examples of satellites that have turned into space junk . next they talk about how harmful these tiny fragments can be . finally they offer a positive note by stating that space agencies hope that the corporations and nations involved can work together to come up with a viable solution to space pollution .
the author starts by explaining to us about the concern of space junk . then he tells us that dead satellites have the risk of crashing into each other creating hundreds of pieces of debris . lastly he tells us that little bits of space junk can have a big impact on spacecraft .
the author rabies the article in sections . different sections depending on what the paragraph was about . the first was space junk that described what space junk is and how it came about . the second was . little bits but a big bit witch described how even small pieces of space junk affect the space ships .
the author organizes the article in a way that is almost like a timeline . he or she first starts out by saying that you see something fall from space that is unusual to see . he or she then tells you what space junk is . then the author tells you why this is a problem by saying that space junk can crash into other space junk and space ships . he or she finally tells you that people care about what is happening in space and that they would like to do something about it in the future .
the author organizes the article well by putting information in certain sections . the author for example talks about an american and russian satellite colliding into each other . the author puts this information under a section called crash course . the author puts the information into specific titled sections which makes this a very organized passage .
the author organizes the article by putting it into specific sections . the introduction which was to get the reader interested . what is space junk which was to describe the debris and the effect it s having on earth . crash course which was to provide details about how satellites have crashed due to this debris . and last the closer paragraph little bits but a big deal which describes that just the littlest of space debris can be harmful .
the author organizes the article by separating different topics into different sections . for example when the author wants to inform readers about what space junk actually is the author titles that section what is space junk
the author organizes this article in a very organized way . the article begins with an enticing introduction . curious readers will want to continue reading the article to learn about what space junk is and what it does . the next section explains to readers what space junk is . it explains how space junk got into the atmosphere where it is located and how space junk came about in the atmosphere . the third section describes a specific event that led to space junk . the final section explains the dangers of space junk . it also informs readers of how scientists are trying to overcome the issue of space junk .
at first he starts out saying things to catch your attention then he goes into giving information at history of junk in the atmosphere . once the author is done with that he talks about how dangerous the tiny particles of space junk can be very harmful to the astronaut that go into space .
the author sorted the article into four main sections . these are the introduction a section titled what is space junk a section called crash course and the conclusion titled little bits but a big deal . he or she included a variety of information in each of these sections . in the introduction the author opens with a surprising statement of a toolbag in space . then the article goes on to say that space junk is becoming a problem . the body paragraphs in the next two sections expand on this problem by explaining what space junk actually is and what other challenges it poses . in the conclusion section the author wraps up the article with the main problems space junk poses
the author organizes the article in different titled sections . the introduction to draw you into the article the second section to describe the space junk the third to show what happens when space junk collides and the last section to show that very small space junk is a large problem for space crafts .
the author organizes the article by breaking it down in four sections . each section is a a little more detailed and serious than the last . section one is the explanation of the story . section two talks about what space junk is . section three explains the dangers of orbiting satellites and section four explains the way scientists are trying to find solutions to the space junk problem . sections one is the introductory it grabs the readers attention and keeps them interested . section two describes a little bit about the history of space exploration . it also explains what happens to satellites over time when they are orbiting in space for a long period . section three explains the dangers of satellites crashing in outer space . it also gives an example of two satellites colliding with one another and spreading tiny debris all over space . section four explains the seriousness of this debris and explains what nasa and the european space agency are trying to do . in each of these paragraphs it explains the importance of cleaning up our space system . i have learned that space is a dangerous and sometimes life threatening place .
the author organizes the article with different sections that go in a logical order according to what the article is talking about . the different sections the author uses are orbiting junk as the introduction what is space junk as a body part of the body crash course as another part of the body and little bits but a big deal as the conclusion .
the author organize his article very well . he starts off with a quite comical introduction but then changes tone and become very serious when talking about the next section what is space junk . then he continues and talk about the section crash arouse . next he then explain his next section little bits but a big deal . he was very organize and got his point across .
the author organizes this article by splitting it up into several sections with each section informing a different subtopic while staying relevant to the overall subject at hand . he begins with a general definition of space junk in the introduction to warm up the readers for what is to come . then in the next section he begins to change his tone as he starts the discussion on pollution in space . in crash course he explains that satellites will also collide with each other and make the problem bigger becoming even more serious yet in tone . he then concludes with his last section by stating the severity of the subject and implying that something needs to be done about the problem .
the author begins by grabbing your attention with a snappy little anecdote after that he goes into a short explanation of how orbital pathways around our planet are becoming more cluttered . then he explains what the space junk actually is . then he talks about how satellites can collide with space junk and be destroyed . lastly the author explains how dangerous a small piece of debris traveling at a high rate of speed can greatly affect the structural integrity of manned space craft and satellites alike .
the author organizes the article very effectively . the article s introduction is very simple but provides a small sense of suspense and expectation . the reader knows where the article is headed but isn t quite sure of the minute details . the author then switches to a more serious tone to convey the facts and statistics trying to prove a point . the middle paragraphs were organized effectively to provide background information to the problem at hand . the author then closes with informing the reader of how the problem is being dealt with and how hard it is to deal with .
the author first s gets your attention with an allusion from superman . he then starts telling us a little more on what he s talking about and actually defines space junk in a pretty lengthy paragraph . finally he tells us of incidents dealing with space junk and the problems that will keep occurring if we don t do something about it .
the organization of the article begins with an introduction that catches the attention of the reader . these opening statements are commonly said before a spectacle in the sky that are rarely seen but always beautiful . the author continues with background information . the next paragraphs gives a definition of space junk . we also get a briefing on the space race and satellites in outer space . the author shows the importance of these things when he refers to communication satellites . by making this reference readers feel more personal to the subject because our generation are so absorbed by communication devices . the next paragraphs describe the effect of the crashes of space junk . it describes the debris left in space by satellites and space shuttles . the next section shows the importance of speed in the crashes . just a little bit of speed is able to cause lethal damage to space shuttles . in closing the author tells about the efforts of space agencies that are trying to reduce the problem . though space junk is increasing the author is hopeful for a solution .
the author organizes the article into three condensed topics about orbiting junk . the three topics are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the author provides facts and opinions in each subtopic to enlighten the reader about space .
at first the author gives a little bit of background on what is sent up to space and all the variety of objects that are sent . then he or she starts to explain how the objects have an effect on space and the dangers it comes with . the author also organizes it by the titles of the paragraphs .
the author organizes the article in different sections . for example the first section is named what is space junk and the last one is little bits but a big deal . by doing this he shows the different topics .
first the author presents the problem space junk . next he explains what space junk is . after that he explains how space junk is created which is by free orbiting satellites crashing into each other . finally he explains what organizations like nasa and sea are doing to solve the problem . the sub paragraphs give it away . such as what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author splits the arrival up into sections each section describing different subjects . the author describes what space junk is then how it gets there and finally how it can effect the safety of our astronauts and space ships .
the author has organized the article by using headers and titles to sort the information . for example the header stating what is space junk has all the information about how space junk has gotten into our atmosphere and what it is . the header stating crash course has the information about what happens when two satellites collide .
the author organizes the article one step at a time . they start off with an introduction that catches the reader s eye . then they explain to the reader what space junk is and that it is dangerous . after that they tell why space junk is harmful and dangerous . finally they end with saying that nasa is trying to fix this problem .
the author begins his article with an attention grabbing introduction with the shocking exclamations . then he gives a short introduction saying his story will be about the rising issue of space junk . from this he begins explaining exactly what space junk is and when it first appeared in the atmosphere above space . after that he gives a past event from february and in as examples of how space junk occurs . next he describes the severity of these space crashes by using details such as comparing grains of sand blown by a gentle breeze to those shot from a sandblaster to strip paint from a concrete wall . this comparison was used very well because it helps create an image of how bad it is when two satellites in space collide . finally the author closes his article by telling the reader how big of a problem space junk is becoming and how space agencies are beginning to work together to put a stop to it .
the author started with an opening paragraph explaining what the article is going to be discussing . the author then gives an explanation for what he or she is writing about . the author then writes about how it is harmful to space and our environment . the author ends the article giving his or hers opinion about what the article is discussing .
they put what things are in space and what they do for space matters . then they told what they do to help out and what is all the danger stuff . they put little bit of information about space and quit mit they use up there . they put things that are made to be up there and things that are not copse to be . they put them all in there own categories so people can find out simple facts about them very easy without having to look around for the information .
the author uses many different sections that split up all that he has to say . if he didn t conduct the article this way then he would have trouble trying to meld all of his writing together such as the part about orbiting junk and crash course . the two of them would not go together very well without the separation of the sections .
the author puts the story in different sections . for example one section is what is space junk and the next section is crash course .
at first the author brings you in with starting sentence . after that he explains how serious space junk really is then goes on and tells about the space invasion between the countries . but the last and maybe most important thing is the microdebris fields the military can not detect anything smaller then a baseball . while people may thing a baseball is small and can still hurt our spacecrafts and put our satellites in danger .
the author starts out with an introduction paragraph that was written in a way to grab the reader s attention and get them to keep reading . it s written in an almost comical way by using a phrase that many people have heard before which is the first sentence in reference to the famous superman line . then it goes on to paragraph to that is used to explain to the reader just what the rest of the article is going to be about and give a little background information on it . it gives facts about how satellites were started and how space junk is formed . then it moves on to explain the dangers of this space junk in paragraph titled crash course . it explains that anything left up in space can become a danger for other satellites . the risks and dangers are further explained in little bits but a big deal . this part explains how even though something can be so small and may be thought of as not a very big deal it can still cause a lot of damage . it gives the sand example that says that something going at very high speeds can still cause a lot of damage . it concludes by saying that there are ways to prevent space junk by countries working together to come up with a saluting to this problem .
the author organizes the article by telling what space junk is first . by doing that you know what it is and how it got up there in the first place . after that they tell you about the crash course . in that it tells you how and why the space junk crashes into one another . then after they tell you about that they tell you how unsafe little bits are . within that it tells you how even the smallest thing can cause a big problem out in space .
he organizes it into paragraphs with headings of different topics . like what is space junk this paragraph talks about the history of when it started with launching satellites into space . crash course . this paragraph talks about how satellites have crash in space . little bits but a big deal . this talks about how little thing that get lost in space like tools from astronauts get lost in space and which can cause a lot of damage .
he organizes it in different categories suck as what space junk is what happens when stuff crashes and how it affects and how those prices may be small but they can still affect in a huge way .
the author organizes this article by beginning with a attention letter such as grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor then moves onto explaining in the first part of the body what exactly space junk is and how it can affect us . an example would be what happens when a satellite dies or malfunctions and can t be repaired of course the answer to that it s disabled and becomes a piece of high tech junk circling the globe in uncontrolled orbit . the second part of the body it is described that if a satellite is malfunctioning it has the risk of colliding with another satellite . from paragraph six it explains that two communication satellites one american and one russian both traveling more than mph . crashed into each other mi . above the earth . the main purpose of the next and final part of this author s article is tiny bits of space debris and how it can be a serious problem . tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the most carefully designed spacecrafts . here is an example form paragraph nine that supports this statement if you find that hard to believe compare grains of sand blown by a gentle breeze to those shot from a sandblaster to strip paint from a concrete wall . all in all the author explains in paragraph eleven that the problem still persists and that the amount of space trash is increasing because of commercial space travel is rising .
the article is a well organized piece . it starts out with grabbing the attention of the reader and then presents the problem that space junk is a serious matter that needs to be brought to more people s attention . it then goes in to defining what space junk is as well as the great space invasion . in the third section it gives examples of how it is harmful to our planet and what really goes on when we send satellites in to outer space . finally in the last section it states that they are again a serious problem and reiterates everything that the article is about . it also presents a solution .
the author organizes the article by first providing an exciting introduction about space junk then follows it by explaining what space junk is is the section titled what is space junk . after that the author tells of a specific event in february that gives the reader of an event that actually happened not of one that could or might happen . after that section which was called crash course the author goes onto the next section which was named little bits but a big deal . this section tells the reader in detail or how dangerous space junk can be . it also explains that nasa and the european space agency are trying to come up and with an easy solution . after that the author finishes up but without a specific conclusion .
the first thing that the author does is tell you about the first satellite launched into space . then over the years more satellites were launched the author is telling you the causes of the space debris . next the author talks about the dangers when satellites collide with other things . the last thing that the author talks about is how dangerous a tiny piece of debris could be . the author explains that even tiny grains of sand could be very dangerous . during the last paragraph the author tells the reader that the problem is never ending and ways that corporations could come together to help this problem .
first the author starts with a bit of a back story on space flight then goes on to what has been up there over the past years and what can happen to them and what space junk is then he goes on to what will happen with nobody controlling the malfunctioning satellites like a collision which is not good it creates at problem of debris then he goes on to state that even an object like a tool bag can be a free orbit satellites in crash course finally he goes on to saying about how big this issue is and how much damage it can cause and how the governments of the world are trying to correct there mistake and how commercial space travel is making the problem worse which is in little bits but a big deal .
the author first explains to us what space junk is consisted of . the paragraphs explain where the debris comes from and how it got to be there . the next section of the text tells how the debris crashes into each other . the author gives an example of when one american and russian satellites ran into each other . no matter the size of the debris the speed can cause serious damage . the conclusion says that space junk is increasing because of more exploration .
the author breaks the overall article into sections that introduce the problems give statistics and give information on the debris itself . the three main sections are titled what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . each titled section gives a small idea of what information is described in the next couple of paragraphs . this allows the reader to always know what s going on and somewhat outlines the entire article .
the author grabs the readers attention in the beginning with the phrase grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor . after the attention letter paragraph the author gives background history over the subject in what is space junk . with the new information over the history the author gives an example of satellites crashing cause a lot of space junk . then the author explains why the junk is so dangerous by saying tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on spacecraft . then the author says the the problem of space trash is increasing due to commercial space travel . the author purpose to raise awareness over our space travels and its consequences .
the author of this article starts with getting you interested in what he has to say . he first gives some history on what space junk is in the section what is space junk then the author tells about the dangers that space junk has on us like with how the satellites crash together . he talks about what the big fuss is with the space junk and how it is increasing .
the author organizes this article into sections with titles with an opening paragraph to grab the readers attention . some of the titles are what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . after the titles the author goes into further detail under each topic title .
he organizes it by putting into sections of introduction what does it do and how it happens . what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal
the article is divided into an introduction and sub titles called what is space junk crash course little bits but a big deal each containing body paragraphs . it ends in a conclusion paragraph .
the author goes through many different paragraphs and sections . for example one section is called what is space junk and there are two paragraphs in that section .
from the very beginning the author starts the sentence with a catchy and exciting lead . then he puts the information into different categories . the first category what is space junk talks about background information such as when the first satellite was launched . then talks about all the different space crafts used in the past years . following that the next category is crash course he talks about what could go wrong with satellites . also about how america and russian satellites crashed into each other right about earth . because of this crash their are hundreds of millions pieces of satellite in space now . the next category is called little bits but a big deal in these few paragraphs he is basically saying that as much as we would like to think that this isn t a big deal it actually is . it can even history spaceships . i think that this is a very organized article . he plans out the paper very well .
the author organizes the article by starting with an introduction to get the reader interested . then the author explains what exactly is space junk and how it is formed . the author then explains why space junk is a problem and specific examples on what could happen .
the author organizes the article by starting off with a fun tone and then changing up the tone to make it more serious . after the introduction the author adds some the history involved with satellites and space junk . then they talk about the satellite collision between the americans satellite and the russians satellite . finally after talking about the collision they talk about what is being done to try to help collect some of the space junk and explaining either or not space junk is a big deal or something that really doesn t need much attention .
the author first makes a unique statement saying that a tool bag is floating in space which leads to the problem of space junk . then the author explains what space junk really is and how things become space junk . after this actual examples of space junk are given . the author closes with describing how dangerous space junk is and that people are trying to solve the problem .
the author try to grab your attention at first . next he gets right into explaining exactly what the article is about . after that he gives you a few references to some accidents that relate to his topic . finally he lets you know just how big of a deal the space fragments are even though they re very little .
first off the author gets your attention by simple shocking statements and makes u wanna read more to grasp what hes talking about . next he explains to us just exactly what space junk is and how it gets there . he also tells how it is not just something small in space that cant cause damage . then the author explains how it gets dangerous . he explains how satellites ran into each other and caused hundreds of pieces of debris in the air . he also tells us how an astronaut lost his tool bag in space . finally the author describes how tiny fragments can hurt . those tiny fragments in space traveling at miles per second can destroy a space shuttle . that is a big deal .
the author begins the introduction with a hook to catch the reader s attention in the form of a shocking statement . the author then goes into an explanation of what space junk is and why it poses a threat . then he states some startling statistics to explain how dangerous stage junk really is . he concludes with why these issues matter and how people should work to confront them .
the author organizes the article by putting side heading into the story . the side heading provide an organized map for the reader to follow . sections are clearly separate from one another . the side heading what is space junk explains what space junk is and reasons from how it got to where it is . in the side heading crash course the story tells us of crashes in history and gives specific examples .
the author organize his article in sections according to the topic . what is space junk crash course and etc .
the author organizes the article from catching the reader s attention in the opening paragraph and later lets the reader know what the paragraph is supposed to be about . the paragraph shows the problems with satellites and this is shown form what is space junk all the way through to little bits but a big deal . in order to grab the reader s attention you must try to find a way that helps people be attracted to your work and this author used statements such as grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor .
the author organizes this article in to different columns stating with an introduction . these columns include what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . this makes the article much easier to understand
the author puts orbiting junk in to sections to show what is space junk . talking about what it is . how it comes bout . what the out come is . crash course talks about how space junk may interfere with spacecrafts and other object . little bits but big deal talks about how it does cause a problem for the astronaut and spacecraft . how tiny debris can be a big deal and cause a mission to fail .
the author organizes the article by breaking down the introduction and three other paragraphs into a section . those sections are their own topic and are titled with folded letters to state that you are about to read a new important sections about orbiting junk .
first the author starts with an introduction to get your attention . the author then gives a brief history on space junk . the author then talks about satellites and how they can become dead and just float freely in space . the author finishes with telling the reader about objects in space can be very small but still cause massive amounts of damage .
the author organizes the article by starting off with a very clear introduction that captures the reader s attention . in the body of the article the author explains what space junk is how it got into space and why the junk stays in space . then the author gives an account of what happened when two satellites crashed into each other and produces hundreds of smaller satellites . after that the reader is informed of how dangerous micro fragments of space junk really are and how different space agencies such as nasa are dealing with the issue . in the article s conclusion the author shares with the reader that the amount of space trash is increasing rapidly and that space agencies hope to work alongside nations and corporations to stop space pollution .
he breaks it down into different topics . the first main section titled what is space junk is about the cluttered solar system because of satellite debris . crash course is about satellites crashing into each other and the debris that it can cause . little bits but a big deal is about how tiny bits of debris may seem harmless but they can still do damage .
the author organizes the article by separating it and breaking it into sections like orbiting junk talks explains what space junk is then tells the reader it is a great concern to the government of space agencies around the globe . then there s what is space junk which explains whats happen over the past years . then crash course tells the reader about the risk of colliding satellites with each other . then the reader goes to little bits but a big deal which explains how bits of space debris present a very serious problem how tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the carefully designed spacecraft . the article being organized helps the reader stay interested and understand better .
the author categorizes this article . for example he puts information about space junk in what is space junk .
the author organized this article by making every section have a different topic . for example he she had titles such as what is space junk coach course little bits but a big deal
the author starts off with an exciting introduction that very much grabbed my attention . next he or she defines space junk . third the author discusses how satellites collide with each other . lastly he or she talks about small issues that are a big deal .
the author organizes the reading into an easy to read article . he starts off with grabbing the readers attention . he then continues on with giving facts and statements about the space junk and how it got into orbit around the earth . the article is finished with connecting the reader with the world and giving the reader the ability to help out .
the author organizes the article by topic . in the first section what is space junk the author basically explains what space junk is and gives a few examples of space junk . the author talks about satellite crashes and the results of them in the second section . in the last section the author explains how even though some debris is very small it still poses a huge problem .
to organize the article the author breaks up the information into different categories . they have the introduction then they have a section about space junk after that there is a section about how the satellites crash and lastly there is a section about how much of an impact the space junk has on people in space and on earth .
the author organizes the article by the different topics she wants to cover . the first topic is all about space junk while the second is all about the crash course and the third is about little the space trash .
he starts out telling what space junk is . then he goes and tells how satellites crash and make tiny debris . after that he talks about how the little debris can be a bid deal . he organizes it all by using the headings what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes this article in a particular order that it all ties together . he or she begins with a creative introduction to engage the reader then proceeds to lead right into the main idea space junk . he mentions the objects that have been sent into each s atmosphere and branches off the problem of satellites and what happens when it malfunctions . he concludes this with the fact that this object will become space junk . this leads into the next paragraph where he explains problems that dead satellites cause and so on . the author continues to tie everything together in this particular order throughout the entire passage .
the author of the article organizes the writing in a logical way . they first describe what space junk is in what is space junk . they do this by giving a short history on the space invasion and a short explanation on how a satellite can die and hurtle uncontrollably through space . then the author goes on to explain how space junk is created in the section crash course . they explain how satellites can collide and create massive amounts of microdebris that continue to orbit the earth at incredible speeds . they also show how some astronauts can make mistakes such as losing the grip on their tool bag and causing the bag to begin orbiting the earth . in the final section little bits big deal the author shows how dangerous this debris can be if it is traveling at a high rate of speed . the author provides startling evidence that microdebris can such holes in spacecraft to inform the reader on the dangers of space junk .
the author organizes the arrival from history to present he she lists things for the matters they are in like say crash course they explain that the satellites crash from the course they are on . then say what is space junk they tell you what space junk is and how it happened way back when . the person lets you know what the sections are about .
the author of this article starts with an introduction that states once clear space is now cluttered with the remains of numerous space exploration and satellite missions . the author then goes on to explain precisely what space junk is and how it has formed in the section entitled what is space junk the next section entitled crash course goes on to explain the harm that space debris can cause to spacecraft . little bits but a big deal concludes the article by telling why we should care about space debris . the section also includes techniques that engineers are using to try and minimize damage done by the debris .
the author organizes the article from most important to the least important . the author goes form what is space junk to crash course and finally to little bits but a big deal . he goes this way because to understand what the reader is talking about you must first understand what space junk is and to understand why is it important you have to know how dangerous space junk is by knowing that the space junk has crashed into and destroyed many spaceships .
the author organizes the article much like one would see in a magazine . it includes headings with short paragraphs under them . the point of the article is made very clear in a short amount of space with many imperative facts and details . they make it interesting by giving each heading an appealing name such as crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author organizes the article as a cause and effect article . the author first talks about satellites being launched into orbit over the past years a variety of spacecraft including space capsules telescopes and satellites have been sent beyond earth s atmosphere . then describes how these satellites can malfunction or become damaged . then the author describes how these malfunctioned and damaged satellites can collide and produce space junk . now instead of two disabled satellites there are hundreds of microsatellites flying through space .
the author organizes this article in three different sections . they start off by explaining what they are going to be talking about space junk . then they go on to give one way that space junk is effective and what it does to our outer space . finally the author tells us about how even though space junk is very small and not many know about it or realize it is very effective .
the author organizes the article by first grabbing our attention in an artful playful manner lines . the author then goes on to explain how space junk is created although in a much more serious manner . once the reader is clear on the causes of space junk the author goes in depth on what happens to these unwanted fragments in the way of collisions and free orbiting satellites . eventually the author concludes how these little pieces of space trash become dangerous to future forays into the field of space travel and advises that we seek a viable solution .
the just use thing they know and but things where they belong . like what is space junk it explains to you what it is tells you everything they know about the topic written about the statements . they always look to make sure the things they have out in the passage makes since with the topic it is under . they never put things that makes no sense in a passage like if they but and there was a bananas are monkey favorite food in there under what is space junk it just doesnt fit . they only use things that are clear and you help you to understand about the thing they are writing about .
the author sets up the article in sections from describing what space junk is and how harmful it can be
the article is organized by first giving a history about space exploration an example being when the soviet union launched the first artificial satellite and how the united states followed along behind them . next you are told about how things in an uncontrolled orbit collide with each other functioning satellites and even space ships . in the last section little bits but a big deal you are informed that even though the space debris is small is can be dangerous . for example even an object small than a baseball traveling at high speeds can cause large amounts of damage to satellites and space crafts . the overall organization of this starts off to tell you a history give you examples and detail problems that space junk can cause .
the article starts off with a childish realization through a telescope . then it gives a brief history of space exploration and a couple incidents of space debris including the satellite crash and the toolbag . it then comes out and tells you how big of a problem things from a toolbag to destroyed satellites by telling you about a sandblaster and how it works and using it as a larger scale for objects in orbit .
the author organizes the article by spreading the article into sections . the first section is called orbiting junk . the second is called what is space junk the third is called crash course . the fourth is called little bits but a big deal . they break up these articles to separate the different points of the article . so its not all in one combination .
he starts out as describing space junk . than he goes to crash course and tells the reader if something extremely bad happens this is the approach . than last he talks about space trash . he describes the outer space with all of the trash floating around in it from previous astor notes . he goes into great detail about everything that he talks about but also its not drawn out to where you fall asleep reading it . the author did a really good job of writing this article .
the author organized the article with an introduction to the subject of the articles comes first . then the author gives background information about the subject by talking about space programs and how space debris is created . it also presents some of the problems caused by space junk . the second to last section talks about the details of how some other forms of space junk occur as well as how hard it is to prevent space junk from occurring . the final paragraph explains how space junk can damage ships and how ships cannot avoid it easily . the article ends with a call to corporations to help solve the problem of space junk .
the first paragraph is to get the readers attention and make them want to read the story . then the tone changes in the section what is space junk and because more serious . this section tells the reader what space junk is and how it got to be where it it . the next section is called crash course and it tells about what happens when two pieces of space junk collide and it gives example of this happening in february with two communication satellites . section little bits but a big deal is the last section and it tells about how space junk is harmful and why this is such a serious matter . the section discusses how harmful little prices of junk can be for astronauts and our space crafts that we send into space . the last paragraph tells about how space junk is increasing and is still a problem . all nations are trying to work together to find a solution to the problem .
the author organized the article by separating information into several different sections . first he she explained what space debris is in what is space junk . secondly he she used an example of the negative effects that space debris has caused to space in crash course . then finally they use information from space agencies around the world to show the effects on the countries on earth in little bits but a big deal .
the other organizes this article by starting off with a introduction that gets you attention . then is gives a brief history entitled what is space junk . after that section it moves onto a more recent accident with space junk and finishes the article off with the dangers of the little debris .
the author of orbiting junk organizes his article into several subtopics so that the reader can clearly see the change of subjects in the article making it easier to read . the subtopic what is space junk talks about and defines what space junk really is while little bits but a big deal talks about the relevance of space junk and its effect on space travel .
the author organizes the article in such a way the reader can follow along easily without much confusion . before he she goes on to inform you about the trouble space junk is causing they inform you what space junk is . then they inform you of some of the things that are happening because of space junk as in satellites crashing together . and they conclude by telling how big of a problem space junk has been and will be because the amount of space trash is actually increasing .
first the author talks about space junk and tells when the first artificial satellite was launched . then the author talks about how this space junk is currently of great concern to the government agencies .
at first the author uses a surprising statement to grab the readers attention and bring them into the article itself . next the author discusses the seriousness of space junk circling our planet . the author than defines what space junk is and than gives a brief history on where space junk came from . the author than talks about the dangers of space junk colliding with other objects such as functional satellites and human being who are working outside of their spacecraft . finally the author talks about how dangerous even the smallest pieces of space debris can be extremely harmful and how scientists and entire nation are working together to solve the problem of space junk .
the organization of the article is information in each section while collectively the sections map out a situation that could cause space junk . the introduction which obviously introduces the topic and provides a summary of the sections yet to come is followed by what is space junk immediately afterword . before defining space junk a historical anecdote is given but as the facts progress conflict is introduced . the idea of an object malfunctioning is given and an actual example of the space junk causing problems is conceived while still keeping a linear outline of the mostly informative article . following the history of the satellites in space and their possible malfunctioning crash course provides an example from february shows how two satellites could collide and created hundreds of pieces of smaller debris which is elaborated in the final section little bits but a big deal . the small pieces of debris or the example given in crash course of a tool bag are shown to be problematic and with both facts and descriptive paragraphs the informative article becomes somewhat of a story by saying tiny fragments traveling at a speed of five miles per second can inflict serious damage on the most carefully designed spacecraft . this section almost serves as a conclusion to the situation in which the space junk can be harmful . the organization of the article is both informative in some paragraphs but simultaneously follows a linear yet non describe situation al plot .
the author separates the article into different sections that have information that goes along with corresponding information in each of the sections . for example in the section crash course there is a detailed explanation of how two satellites collided in . in the section it first tells the reader what could possibly happen and then gives an example or a possible scenario . in another example the author titles a section what is space junk the author tells of how years of space exploration has polluted the space just outside earth s atmosphere . then the author describes what the kinds of junk are found in space from these previous space missions .
the author seems to organize the article with a clearly defined introduction that is titled orbiting junk that is used to introduce the subject . the author then uses two sections to explain what space junk is and why it is such a big danger . he then proceeds to have a conclusion section titled little bits but a big deal which explains why such small pieces of debris can prove to be very harmful .
the introduction of this article grabs your attention and makes you want to read more about it . what is space junk describes the events that have occurred overtime with the microdebris and satellites in space . crash course tells about how two satellites collided into each other in an orbit around the earth s orbit . it also tells that not only is it spectacular crashes that create this debris it s any object . little bits but a big deal tell about how much people truly care about what s going on in space . it also tells about how dangerous microdebris can be if not avoided .
the author starts off the passage with a comical line grab your telescope look up in the sky it s a comet it s a meteor it s a . . . tool bag from their the author begins explaining the term space junk and some space travel history as to how space debris came to be . further on the author switches tones to explain how serious this space junk can be . he provides an example of when two satellites one russian and one american collided in space and created hundreds of pieces that now helplessly orbit earth . then he makes a comparison with how dangerous and effective sand can be when shot at such a fast rate . he does this to prove that even the smallest of space junk can pose a threat to space ships entering space .
the author does an excellent job at ordering the information of this article . they begin with an attention letter in the opening paragraph to grab the reader s attention grab your telescope look up in the sky then move into describing the topic of their article space junk more clearly the disabled object becomes a piece of high tech junk . . . the following paragraphs explain how space junk comes to be with no one at the controls dead satellites run the risk of colliding with each other and the article closes with the dangers of space junk those bits of space debris present a very serious problem .
the author of orbiting junk organizes the article into four sections . the introduction brings up the idea of space junk and explains that it is causing a global governmental concern . the author goes on to explain what space junk is and transitions into why it is a problem in the next two paragraphs . finally the author wants to raise awareness that the volume of space trash is in fact increasing and that it is difficult to avoid .
the author organizes the article in multiple sections . they have a section titled what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal .
the author separates the article into different parts . there are four main parts . there are three main parts each with a different topic on space junk . in the first the author uses a numerous approach like it s a . . . tool bag but then moves to a more serious tone . the author explains that it is a serious issue . the author presents the dangers and problems in the later sections . finally at the end he says how many nations contribute to the problem and it must be solved . so first he gets your attention then the next section explains what it is and the last two present the issues and the seriousness of it while concluding the paper .
the author organizes the article into several sections the intro what is space junk crash course and little bits but a big deal . the first section defines space junk for the reader . section two explains how debris can be formed by colliding satellites and section three explains why space junk is a problem .
