black black might affect the doghouse because then the doghouse can get to hot for the dog . know this because in the results black got the hottest .
white the color white will reflect the suns rays off of it because in the lab the color white had the lowest temperature and black absorbed the heat so it was hotter and if they had the doghouse painted black the dog would get to hot and die . so white
white i would use alight color like white in this case because if its 95 degrees outside and you have a black doghouse the doghouse is going to be hot . like in the experiment they used they used a black lid because it would make the jar the hottest .
white it will keep the doghouse cool and not to hot because in the table a black lid had an average of 58 degrees and the white lid had an average of 42 degrees . there for if the doghouse was painted a darker color the doghouse would get to hot inside .
black the black colored doghouse would be warmer on the inside . the average temperature with the black lid was 53 deg the average temperature for the dark gray lid was 48 deg . the average temperature for the light gray was 45 deg and for the white it was 42 deg . there is a 11 deg difference between the black and white colored lid . so the black doghouse would have the most heat on the inside .
white brandi and jerry should use white paint because in the experiment the jar with the white lid increased the least in temperature . it increased 18 deg c while the black lid made the temperature increase 29 deg c . therefore the white paint should be used so that the doghouse doesnt overheat .
white the best color to paint the doghouse would be white . white reflects more light than black . this would keep the inside temperature of the doghouse cooler than it would if the doghouse were painted black . in the experiment the white lid was at an average of 11 deg c cooler than the jar with the black lid . therefore the white would bethe best color to paint the doghouse .
white if they colored the doghouse white then it will be cool inside and not so hot like it would be if it was black . because when the jar lid was black the inside of the jar was 53 deg c and when it was white the inside of the jar was 42 deg c
black it will effect the doghouse by it being more hot cause on the chart it showed black was the hottest
light gray the light gray color would reflect some of the light energy but also absorb a little so the doghouse would not get too hot or cold . the white color had an average of 42 deg c after 10 minutes which might be too cold . the dark gray had an average of 48 deg c which might be too hot .
black black paint would affect the doghouse by making it the warmest because according to the data black had the highest average of temperature which was 53 deg c which is warmer than the other 3 tested colors . soto me i think black would bethe best color .
light gray the light gray color would keep the doghouse mild and warm . on average the light gray colored lid went from 24 deg c to 42 deg c a difference of 21 deg c . compared to the black colored lid which went from 24 deg c to 53 deg c a difference of 29 deg c which is too hot . or the white colored lid which went from 24 deg c to 4 2 deg c a difference of 18 deg c . therefore a gray colored roof would be perfect fora doghouse .
white white will keep the doghouse nice and cools nice according to there data the white lid kept the air in the jar coolest .
black the black one will have a good heat for the dog because in the trial the black lid was average was 53 deg c .
light gray i think white would bethe best color for the doghouse because according to the experiment it was the coldest so in the summer when it is hot outside the doghouse will not be to hot .
white white would bethe best color for the doghouse because it would keep the dog cooler . white would absorb less solar and thermal energy therefore lowering the temperature within the doghouse . in the experiment the air temperature in the jar with the white lid averaged 42 deg c while the black lid jar averaged 53 deg c . the light gray lid produced and air temperature of 45 deg c and the dark gray lid made the air temperature in the jar 48 deg c .
black black will make the doghouse warmer inside because darker colors absorb more energy . and in air temperature the average temp . for black was 53 deg while the average for white was 42 deg . every starting temperature started at 24 deg therefore black would bethe best color to choose for the doghouse .
black black will bethe based color for the dog you es because . in the chart lid color vs . air temperature inside glass jar black shade 54 in trial 1and52 in trial 2 and 53 in trail 3 . dark gray light gray and white wherein the low to high 40 s . black will keep the doghouse warm or cool when needed .
white using white paint would be a great paint color for the doghouse because if its white it wont receive that much sunlight and so it would be cooler . if you look at the data table it would show you that when it has white paint it is below 45 deg c so white would be a great doghouse color .
black if brandi and jerry use black then the temperature will be warmer because it has the highest average temperature at 53 deg c . if they use white then it will be colder because the average when white was 42 deg c . therefore the darker the doghouse the warmer it will be because black was 11 deg c more than white .
white on a hot summer day its easy for dogs to get overheated harming them and even killing them . therefore white is the best color of paint to use because the air inside of it only increases by 18 deg c after ten minutes of exposure to light and heat . with black paint it increases by 29 deg c which could definitely be detrimental to a dogs health .
light gray this would affect the doghouse because some light would be attracted to the house but not too much . in their experiment the light gray lids temperature was 45 deg . this would be a good tempt are for the doghouse because in the summer the dog would have enough shade so that it would not overheat but in the winter it would be warm enough so that the dog would not be cold .
white white would keep the doghouse cooler . white does attract heat like the color black does . when started at 24 deg c the black lidded jar went up to an average of 53 deg c . and the white lidded jar which also started at 24 deg c only went up to an average of 42 deg c .
white the best color to choose would be white because on average white had the lowest temperature of all the colors meaning the inside of the doghouse would be cooler
white according to the experiment in which the jar with the white lid had the lowest air temperature the color white will keep the inside of the doghouse cooler because white does not absorb light .
white it might affect the temperature inside the doghouse . the data shows that the white lid has the lowest temperature therefore making it the best color to build the doghouse with .
white the white paint should keep the inside temperature of the doghouse cooler on a hot day than say black paint for example . when comparing the average temperatures of all the lid colors the white lid kept the glass jar at a cooler temperature . on average about 6 . 6 deg c cooler compared with the averages for the other lids . so therefore white paint is the better choice especially if you are looking to keep the inside of the doghouse cool for your dog on a hot day .
white in the experiment is stated that lighter colors are cooler than darker colors . white is avery light color and light c color dont absorb very much heat so that means that the doghouse wont be to hot .
light gray light gray would be best because it would absorb a little heat but not to much . its average temperature was 45 degrees which was the middle result of the three so in the winter the doghouse would still bring in some heat for the dog and in the summer it would keep some of the heat out to keep the dog cool .
white if the doghouse was white then when it is hot the doghouse would be cooler . in the experiment it showed that the average temperature for the air was 43 calcium and all the other colors made it hotter like the black lid was 53 calcium .
white white will affect the doghouse by making it cooler . in the trials the lighter the color the cooler the temperature was .
black black would be a good color for the doghouse because black absorbs more heat . black absorbs more heat because it is made of no color so it does not reflect any color of light which means it absorbs all the light . in the experiment the black held an average of 53 deg c after being under the lamp for ten minutes . the white lid had an average inside temperature of 42 deg c after being under the lamp for ten minutes . this is a difference of 11 deg c and is because white is made up of all the colors so it reflects all colors of light whereas the black effects no light .
black the black would be better to use fora paint color because it will make the doghouse warmer for the dog because in the experiment black made the jar the warmest .
black the best paint color for the house would be black because it would keep the dog warmer than other colors would . the black lid was 53 deg and all others were between 42 and 48 deg
white i would paint the doghouse white . the highest temperature was 53 deg for the black lid . which would cause the dog to overheat . while the lowest temperature was 42 deg for the white lid . which would help the dog stay cool . so i would paint my doghouse white because it is 11 deg cooler than painting it black .
white it would be much cooler inside the doghouse because the color is light and reflects light better . as it said in the results it had the lowest temperate of 42 degrees calcium
light gray i chose light gray as a good color for the doghouse because the color does not absorb as much energy as a darker color such as black . the color black which absorbs a lot of energy results in high temperatures in the doghouse compared to a lighter color such as light gray that still absorbs some energy but not as much and causes lower temperatures . based on the experiment the results show that that light gray absorbs enough energy to keep the average temperature inside the jar at 45 deg c 8 deg c less than black which absorbs more heat and causes higher temperatures . therefore a good color option fora doghouse would be light gray .
black the darker the doghouse color the greater the increase in air temperature in the doghouse because the color absorbs more energy . in the experiment the color black absorbed the most energy causing the inside of the jar to bethe warmest . the results for black were 54 deg c 52 deg c 54 deg c and 53 deg c . while all the other colors that were lighter absorbed less energy .
white i honestly would most likely choose white because all dark colors dark gray black light gray the sun just like gets it really hot and all light colors white the sun reflects off of it sow white would be best because it would keep the dog when its in the doghouse white would keep it not so hot but it would still be hot on a hot day but that my opinion and that why i would pick white what would u pick
white it would keep the doghouse cooler because the white lid kept the jar the cooler than the other lids did
black the doghouse will be warmer . the doghouse will be warmer because in the experiment the black color lid was the warmest .
white how the white paint will affect the doghouse is it wont absorb so much heat so the dog wont be as hot . if brandi and jerry were to choose black paint it will absorb all the heat because in the experiment in trial one its deg c was 54 in trial two its deg c were 52 in trial 3 its deg c were 54 and the average is 53 . so these results show that the doghouse will constantly be warm so this will not make the dog comfortable with all the heat . while the white lid in the experiment had very low temperatures its deg c were 42 43 41 and its average came to 42 deg c so this shows that the white will absorb barley any heat .
black black would bethe best color to paint the doghouse because it would attract the heat and keep the inside of the doghouse warm . according to the results of brandi and jerry s experiment lid vs . air temperature the black lid kept the inside of the jar warmer than any of the other colored lids . so therefore the black paint would keep the inside of the doghouse warmer than any of the other colors .
white the color white would be a great color to use ina doghouse because the inside of the doghouse would be cooler for the dog so when its hot then it wont be to hot in its house . i say this because the average temp of the color white is 42 deg c while the other 3 c color are above this average temp .
white the color white might affect the inside of the doghouse by keeping it the coolest . the average for the color black was 53 deg c the average for dark grey was 48 deg c the average for light grey was 45 deg c and the average for white was 42 deg c . this shows that white is the coolest color and should be used for the doghouse to keep the doghouse cool .
black the color black heats the doghouse the most . it gets to 53 degrees calcium in there whereas dark grey 48 degrees light grey 45 degrees and white 42 degrees . so black would bethe best color 
white white is the best color fora doghouse roof because in the summer the white would reflect light and heat from the doghouse keeping it nice and cool inside for the dog the doghouse is for . after all would you want your dog to be uncomfortable on a hot summer day i chose white to bethe best color fora doghouse roof because the average air temperature inside the jar with the white lid was cooler than the air temperature in the light gray dark gray or black lidded jars . with a starting temperature of 24 deg c for each jar after ten minutes the temperature of the air in jar with the white lid had a average temperature of 42 deg c while the jar with the highest average air temperature of 53 deg c was the jar with a black lid which means the jar with the white lid had an average air temperature 11 deg c cooler than the average of the jar with the black lid . which is quite a difference if you ask me .
black the doghouse should be painted black because then the dog will stay warm during the winter if he she has to stay outside . when the black lid was used in the experiment it was on average 5 degrees warmer inside the jar than with the dark gray lid 8 degrees warmer than the light gray lid and 11 degrees warmer than the white . therefore if the doghouse is painted black the dog will keep warm much better than if the doghouse was painted dark gray light gray or white .
black having a black doghouse will keep the dog warm in the winter because the hot lamp experiment shows that darker colors absorbed more heat than lighter colors .
light gray brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse light grey because the door wouldnt get to hot because his dog house is a dark color and it wouldnt get to cold either with avery light color sot hat is why they should paint it light grey because its not to light and its not to dark and also the experiment tells us that the average temper rein celsius for light grey was 45 deg and for black it was 53 deg and dark grey 48 deg and for white was 42 deg light grey is the average of them all 53 black 48 dark grey 5 53 black 45 light grey 8 and 53 black 42 white 11 light grey 8 is in the middle of both 5 and 11 so light grey is the color they should paint the doghouse .
light gray light gray would bethe best color for the dog house because it would absorb some heat but would not absorb as much a the color black . if they chose black they doghouse would absorb to much heat as shown in the experiment that after just 10 minutes the temperature of the black lid jar rose 29 deg c but the light grey lid jar only rose 21 deg c . since black absorbs so much heat it could cause the dog to be to hot but light grey allows the dog to still have some heat just not as much .
light gray dark colors makes things really hot for example the black reached up to 54 c white color makes things a little to cold for example it only reached up to 43 c the color gray would have the perfect affect for inside the doghouse to make sure the dog wasnt to cold but was to hot because for example the color gray reached up to 46 c at most making it an equal balance between to hot and to cold .
white brandi and jerry would want to paint the doghouse light gray . painting the doghouse light gray would bethe best paint to color the bog house because in the experiment they had found out that painting the house black absorbs more heat energy and painting it white will not absorb en off energy so in the middle will bethe best for the dog . so not too much thermal energy but some thermal energy being absorbed is best .
white the color white wont attract as much light as the black so the dog wont have to suffer really hot weather on sunny days . the white compared to the black is abetter choice because black color attracts more light for example it averaged a 53 deg c while the white averaged a 42 deg c . that is all deg c difference .
black i believe that the best color for the dog house would be black especially in the winter because it will keep the inside of the doghouse warm because the darker the color of the object the greater increase in air temperature inside the object according to the data table in hot lamp so the darker the color the warmer the house or object .
white according to the results the lighter the color the colder the temperature is . since white had less heat they would want to paint the doghouse white .
black if the doghouse is black then it will be warmer . i know this because the jar with the black lid had an average temperature of 53 deg c
white the color white would keep the doghouse the c coolest temperature . on average the color black is 53 deg c dark grey is 48 deg c light grey is 45 deg c and white is 42 deg c .
white by painting the doghouse white the inside of the doghouse will be cool according to the results of the experiment . the data shows that when the lid was black the air temperature was warmest and when the lid was white the air temperature was coolest . therefore painting the doghouse white would create a more comfortable temperature for the dog .
white white . it is the color of all the others in the experiment with the lowest average temperature rise of 18 deg c . in the experiment the starting temperature of was 24 deg c and after ten minutes under a lamp the air inside the jar increased by 18 deg c . total of 42 deg c . if black was chosen to bethe doghouse color it will not be suitable for the doghouse because the average temperature rise would be too high .
black the darker the lid color the greater the increase in air temperature
white white would bethe best paint color for the doghouse . in the experiment the temperature in the jar for the white lid averaged 42 deg c . the black lid jar averaged a temperature of about 53 deg c . the dark gray lid jar averaged 48 deg c and the light gray lid jar averaged 45 deg c . the white lid jar was the coolest out of the four .
dark gray the best paint color for the doghouse would be dark gray . in the experiment of the glass jar it had an average of 48 deg c and was the second highest temperature . the highest temperature was the black lid with 53 deg c . the difference of the highest temperature and second highest temperature was the 5 deg c . if using the dark gray paint color it would still absorb energy to keep the dogs warm but yet be a bit cool for them too .
white white because it will keep the doghouse at a cool temperature about 42 deg c in the summer when the dog is outside and needs a rest .
dark gray the dark gray will keep the inside of the doghouse warm enough in the winter and not to hot during the summer . the dark gray was an average of 48 deg c which is not as hot as the black lid which was an average of 53 deg c and not as cold as the light gray which was and average of 45 deg c .
light gray light gray would bethe best choice because you dont want the doghouse to cold but you dont want it to warm . and the average temperature for the light gray was 45 deg c which is just right fora dog because you dont want your dog to get to hot . and the black wouldnt be a good color because darker colors absorb more energy . and there was an eight degree difference between the black lid and the light grey lid making the light grey lid the cooler better choice .
white white is a good choice because it will absorb less heat . the experiment shows that white is the least absorbent of heat so it will keep the doghouse cooler .
white brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse white . this is because white doesnt attract as much heat . i know this because in the previous experiment the average temperature for the white lid was lowest at 42 degrees celsius . using white paint will cause the dog to not be too hot .
dark gray i choose light gray because it had an average temperature of 45 which is right in the middle of temperatures and thee effect will be warm and cool at the same time . when you look at the table of the results from the experiment you will see that light gray had an average of 45 so that is perfect temperature because it will not get too hot and it will not get too cold .
white i think white would bethe best color to paint the doghouse . i say this because white absorbs less energy making the doghouse cooler . in the experiment the white on average was 42 deg c and that was the coolest temperature . the warmest temperature of the air inside the jar was the black with 53 deg c . fora dog inside a doghouse i think it shouldnt be hot for the dog that s why i chose the color that made the doghouse the coolest .
white the doghouse will not be to hot . the temperature will rise but it will not rise a lot it will stay in cool for summer and they wouldnt have to worry about the doghouse getting to hot . white is the one that stayed the coolest and the heat didnt rise a lot it stayed about the same temperature the whole time .
black in my opinion brandi and jerry would want to paint the doghouse dark gray because it had an average temperature of 48 deg c which is the second hottest temperature out of the four lid colors . i think dark gray would bethe logical color to paint a doghouse because during harsh weather it will keep the dog warm but during the summer it wont be to uncomfortably hot like black maybe .
white choosing the lightest shade white is the best color to paint a doghouse because in order to create an environment most comfortable for the dog year round the doghouse must be capable of staying cool all summer . painting the house white will ensure that it stays as cool as it can over summer thus making it the most comfortable for the dog . the white house will remain coolest because as according to the data collected the average temperature will be apron . 42 deg c while for the other color they reached much greater temperatures 45 deg gray 48 deg gray 53 deg black . the white color was 11 deg cooler than the darkest color black thus making it the best color to paint a doghouse .
light gray alight gray color could give you less heat in the summer but during the winter when the the sun is out you could get some warmth . since in the experiment the black lid would get the most heat you wouldnt want a dog to get to hot but also not to cold .
white this is the best paint color for the dog house because in the experiment it proved that the white material absorbed the least amount of heat therefore making the temp . in the jar the least 
white i would choose white because it is one of the lightest colors . also in the experiment it was proven that white stayed the coldest after 10 minutes . therefore in the sun it should stay fairly cold fro the animal living in it .
light gray the color chosen will affect the inside of the doghouse because the color is a factor for the amount of air temperature it attracts . from the experiment black attracted the most heat or air temperature with an average of 53 deg c and dark gray had an average of 48 deg c light gray had 45 deg c and the color white with 42 deg c on average . based on these results i think light gray is the best paint color fora doghouse since it still attracts a certain amount of heat fewer than darker colors but from the average air temperature in the glass jar from the experiment the air inside the doghouse would be more withstand able than that of black paint or dark gray which would attract even more heat . therefore light gray colored paint would bethe better option fora doghouse .
black i think they should use a black for the doghouse because since we live ina general cold area and the black paint would help keep the dog warm at night with the average temp of the air when the area is black is 53 deg c
black i think black would bethe best color for the doghouse . it will attract more heat inside the doghouse than any other color because in the experiment with the jars the black lid jar had the warmest inside temperature . this black doghouse will heat up the inside of the doghouse for when it is cold out . when it is warm outside and the dog gets hot it can sleep outside .
white if the doghouse was white the inside of that doghouse would keep the temperature inside cool because like in the experiment the color white only got an average of 42 deg c . unlike the color black which got an average temperature of 53 deg c .
white i have chose the color white because it had the least highest temperature . in the data from the previous experiment the white lid had an average temperature of 42 deg making it the least hottest .
white white would make doghouse cooler i know this because when the lid color was white the average was 42 deg c compared to the average for black with the average is 53 deg c .
black black would bethe best color because it would keep the house warmer . in the experiment black produced the highest temperature inside the jar 53 deg c
light gray it would absorb a little amount of heat fort he summertime when its hot . but because its also kind of dark it would keep some heat in for the winter . i know this because the black lid absorbed the most heat and the white lid absorbed the least heat .
black black would kept the doghouse the warmest because of the averages of all the others were black 53 dark gray 48 light grey 45 and white 42
black black is the best color for the doghouse in order to keep the do house warm . brandi and jerry s data showed that the darker the lid orin this case doghouse the darker the color the more increase in air temperature . which in the lid experiment the data showed that black on average had the highest data of 53 deg c while others like dark gray and light gray had averages of 48 deg and 45 deg c .
dark gray the dark gray will affect the temperature of the doghouse just enough that the animal that s living in it wont freeze or overheat because the dark gray color in the experiment didnt collect as much heat in the experiment as the black so it wont overheat the the animal and it collect more heat than white or light gray so the opposite effect wont take place .
white i would choose white because it would make the inside of the doghouse cooler than a dark color so the dog wouldnt have to be super hot in the sun . the average temperature for white was 42 deg after ten minutes and it was 53 deg for black showing that black makes it hotter inside .
light gray light gray will affect the doghouse by keeping it cooler than it would with black paint but warmer than it would with white . in warmer temperatures the paint will not absorb as much sunlight so therefore the inside of the doghouse will not be as hot . the black paint had an average temperature of 53 deg c while the light gray had an average temperature of 45 deg c . that is a difference of 8 deg c . the light gray will keep the doghouse cooler but it will also keep it a little bit warmer than white paint . the white paint had an average temperature of 42 deg c . the light gray paint would keep the doghouse 3 deg c warmer then the white paint but 8 deg c cooler than the black paint .
black black because it well make the dog house warmer and the results to the black cooler is saying it warmer .
white the best answer would be white because white is alight color that wont absorb heat and dehydrate the dog during the summer . when brandi and jerry performed their experiment they found that when ajar had a black lid on it the temperature inside the jar was ana average of 53 deg c . whereas when there was a white lid on the jar thea average temperature was 42 deg c . that is an 11 deg difference . there for the best choice would be to paint the doghouse white .
white how the white might affect the doghouse is because it will be a lot cooler than the other dark colors because the average temperature of the darker colors are more then whites
black well darker colors absorb more heat than lighter energy so if you paint the doghouse black than the inside of the doghouse will be warmer than the inside of a white painted doghouse . when brandi and jerry used a black lid dark color for the experiment the results were in the low 50 s range 52 54 deg c . but when they used the white lid light color the results were in the low 40 s range 41 43 deg c .
white this color will help the doghouse cool because it is the color that remained the coolest during the experiment .
black if brandi and jerry were to paint a doghouse the color they should choose is black because its the darkest color so it absorbs the most thermal heat . my theory is correct because in brandi and jerry s hypothesis the darker the lid color the greater the increase is air temperature in the glass jar because darker color absorbs more energy .
white they should use white because in the other ex present white was the coolest so if they use white it will not get to hot in the doghouse .
light gray the color of the doghouse should be light gray because it doesnt absorb as much energy as black and dark gray which had the temperatures of 53 deg c and 48 deg c in the experiment so the dog wont feel very hot either and since dogs are always jumping around they probably already are hot enough . also if it does get cold light gray will still absorb enough energy to keep the dog warm because its temperature was 48 deg c which is only 2 deg c less than dark gray so i think light gray will bethe best color for the doghouse .
light gray the color white might affect the doghouse because the air temperature on the inside would be a lot cooler but not too cold and at the same time not too hot . when the lid color of the glass jar was black the average air temperature was 53 deg c after only 10 minutes when the starting temperature was 24 deg c which i believe might be too hot fora dog living ina black doghouse . when their was a white lid the average temperature after the same amount of time and starting at the same temperature of 24 deg c was 42 deg c which i believe would be too cold fora dog living ina white doghouse . i believe the light gray lid air temperature was neither too hot nor too cold because after 10 minutes and a starting temperature of also 24 deg c its average air temperature inside was 45 deg c .
white white would make it cooler inside for the dog because it would reflect more heat instead of taking it in . also it was cooler inside because whites average was the lowest 42 deg .
white i think they should paint the color white because white absorbs less heat than black does . because if black dark gray or light gray were to be painted on the doghouse that would absorb more heat than white would .
black when the jar had a black lid the average temperature after 10 minute was 53 deg when the lid was white the average temperature was 42 deg because the black lid made the jar warmer the doghouses roof should be painted black to keep the inside of the doghouse and the dog warmer .
black by painting the doghouse black the air inside the doghouse will be warmer than if the doghouse was another color . in the experiment the air from the jar with the black colored lid was 53 deg which is 2 deg higher than the dark grey lid 8 deg higher than the light grey lid and 11 deg higher than the white lids air temperature . this shows that the black paint would make the doghouse warmer than the other colored paint would make it .
white it would make it less hot by having white because white is alight color and does not conduct that much heat as have bin shown by brandi and jerry the results were that white had the lowest average at 42 deg c
dark gray the best color for the doghouse is dark gray because it wont be so dark that it will overheat the inside of the doghouse and it will also retain its temperature longer throughout the night . the dark grey average temperature after 10 minutes was 48 deg . that is better than the 53 deg average for the black and the 45 deg average for light gray because it will not be way too warm but it will retain its heat .
black with the color black as the doghouse the inside temperature will be much hotter than the temperatures of the other colors because the average temperature for black on the experiment was 53 deg c for dark gray ave . temp . was 48 deg c for light gray it was 45 deg c ave . temp . and for the white lid the ave . temp . was 42 deg c . controlled variable temp . in jar before starting ex . responding air temp . inside jar after 10 min . under lamp manipulated lid color
white the reason they should pick white is because it will cool down the temperature in the doghouse the reason i know that is in the data they did for the experiment it tells you that white is cooler than the rest of the colors
white this color will keep the doghouse rather cool that way the dog will not overheat itself . in the experiment lighter colors absorbed less light and were cooler in temperature .
light gray the light gray color might affect the inside of the doghouse because if it isnt to dark or to light the inside wont be to hot or to cold . this is because dark colors absorb more energy and light colors reflected energy . the light gray was about in the middle with 45 deg c so i thought it was the best choice for the dog .
white white will bethe best color for the doghouse because the white lid kept the jar coolest meaning that white paint will keep the doghouse coolest because it reflects more energy than any oft he other colors . the white lid kept the jar an average of three degrees calcium cooler than any other color .
black i think black would be best to use for the doghouse because on winter nights when it gets cold out the black color of the doghouse will keep it warmer . since darker colors absorb more energy than lighter colors . black was 53 deg c after 10 minutes while white was 42 deg c that is a change of 11 deg c warmer then the other .
dark gray the dark grey would keep the doghouse warm but not too hot . this is shown in the experiment when dark grey was these cold warmest color .
dark gray i believe that dark gray would bethe best paint color for the doghouse . although the temperature inside the do house would be warmer it would not be super warm and make the dog overheat . also the air wouldnt be too cold that the dog would freeze at night when he sleeps in it . considering that dark gray had an average of 48 deg inside it appears perfect compared to the white with an average of 42 deg and the black with an average of 53 deg .
white white would cause the inside of the doghouse to not be so hot on the inside so the dog can stay cooler because with the white lid the inside of the jar was the coldest out of all the other jars .
white they should use the white color because white doesnt heat up as fast . after 10 minutes whites temperature was 42 deg while blacks was 53 deg . that is an 11 deg difference . so the doghouse will stay cooler if the doghouse is painted white .
white the color white is best for the doghouse because the experiment was on the effect of different lid colors on the air t temperature inside a class jar so looking at the chart the color white had an average of 42 deg c which means that the increase of air was cooler . so the color white will affect the doghouse by the increase of air flow and be cooler then any other color .
white the white doghouse would not attract as much heat as the darker colors so if they want to keep their dog at a cool temperature then they should go with the white color . the average temperature for the black colored jar is 53 deg c . the average temperature for the white colored jar is 42 deg c . the black lived jar is 11 deg c higher than the white lived jar .
white the white attracted the least heat than any of the other colors . the white low data for white was 41 deg and the high data was 43 deg .
white the white would keep the doghouse nice and c fool in the experiment white attracted the least heat . example the average heat was 42 for the white and 53 for the black .
white painting a doghouse white will keep it cooler than other colors . in the experiment white had an average temp of 42 deg c while black had a 53 deg c average
white white would bethe best color to paint the dog house . in the experiment white didnt absorb that much heat staying at a temperature of around 42 deg . this would mean that the dog house would stay a cool temperature for the dog .
white the white paint will bethe coolest paint choice for the doghouse . in the data brandi and jerry collected white had the lowest temperature average of 42 deg c . the next coolest was light grey with an average of 45 deg c dark grey with an average of 48 deg c and the hottest was black with an average of 53 deg c . therefore white paint will make the doghouse the coolest .
white white would bethe best paint color for the dog house because on a hot day the dog wont get as hot . this is because from the results it was that white paint got as high as 43 and black got as hot as 54
white it would keep the doghouse cooler especially in summer months when there are high temperatures outside ex in the experiment the average temperature of white was 42 deg the coolest temperature of them all . this would allow the dog to get to a cooler place to avoid overheating .
white if the doghouse is white then it will be cooler . since the white lid made the inside of the jar 42 deg c and the black lid made the inside of the jar 53 deg c then we know that white will make the doghouse cooler .
white white would affect the doghouse by making it cooler and not so hot . this is because in the experiment the black absorbed the heat so it would be hotter so making it white according to the data will make the doghouse cooler
black the inside of the doghouse would most likely bethe hottest because the black absorbs the sunlight therefore it would become hot on the inside . results from the experiment are that the black lid had a high of 54 degrees calcium and that is higher than the rest of the colors .
white white will keep the doghouse cooler inside be case white attract less energy than black dark grey and light grey . the white was the lowest average temp ate a 42 deg c
white the black paint made the air in the jar 53 degrees while the white paint was only 42 degrees . the white paint would be best for the doghouse because it would keep the doghouse cooler if it was hot outside .
white white will keep the doghouse the coolest because the other colors got temperatures of 53 deg c 48 deg c and 45 deg c but the white jar got 42 deg c .
white this would make the doghouse cool in the summer because in the experiment the white lid jar had th coldest temperature of 41 deg c .
dark gray the doghouse wouldnt be too cold or too hot it would be right in the middle . black which is 53 c average would be a little too hot and white which is c would be too cold so the one im the middle which is dark gray would bethe best paint color for the doghouse .
white by choosing the color white brandi and jerry s doghouse would be colder than if they chose any of the other color options . in the experiment the average temperature for black lid was 53 deg c for dark gray 48 deg c for light gray 45 deg c and finally for white 42 deg c . which means that the white doghouse would be colder than any of the other color options .
light gray i chose the color light gray . light gray would make the doghouse around 45 deg c average on the inside . the results show that light gray was an average of 45 deg c and black was an average of 53 deg c . white was an average of 42 deg c . light gray is 3 degrees warmer then white and 8 degrees cooler then black . light gray is a color in between the temperatures leaving the doghouse not to hot or not to cold .
black the other colors had between 40 deg and 50 deg but black is hotter then the other colors .
white white because white reflects the sun and the doghouse wont get hot like it would if you use black . in your data it shows that in the trials white will bethe least hot color .
white using white paint would keep the temperature inside of the doghouse low on a sunny day . the average temperature of the white lid was 42 deg c and the average temperature of the black lid was 53 deg c the white lid was 11 deg c cooler then the jar with the black lid
black using a black paint color for the doghouse will make the doghouse nice and warm fora dog during the cold seasons when a doghouse is needed the most . due to the data a black lid color had an average of 53 deg c . that will affect the doghouse by making the doghouse much more warmer in temperature . a white lid only had an average of 42 deg c making it too cold for the dog . that s why a black doghouse is best fora doghouse to keep the dog warm .
white white would bethe best paint color because it doesnt attract as much heat as black light gray or dark gray because its the lightest color . this is good because in the summer if the doghouse attracted a lot of heat the dog could overheat and get sick . the black lid got the hottest air temperature having an average of 53 deg c dark gray was the second hottest having an average air temperature of 48 deg c light gray had the second coolest air temperature on average being 45 deg c and white had the lowest air temperature with an average of 42 deg c . these results show that the white lid attracted the least amount of heat and is therefore why i believe that a white doghouse would be best .
white if you paint it white the doghouse will be cooler in the hot summer sun . in the experiment the average temperature for the white lid was 42 deg but it was 53 deg for the black lid . you probably dont want your dog to overheat so you would paint it white .
white white would affect the inside of the doghouse because it is alight color so it will absorb less energy because the darker the color the more energy it will absorb . in the data table from their experiment black absorbed the most energy and white absorbed the least energy so that is why they should choose white for the doghouse
white the best color would be white because white had an average temperature of 42 deg c compared to the other temperatures . white would keep the doghouse the coolest temperature possible .
white i think that brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse white . i believe that white would bethe best color because in the results it shows that white collects less heat and energy . that would d be good because if it was sunny and the dog wanted togo somewhere cool he would have his white doghouse that doesnt suck in all of the heat .
dark gray the best paint color for the doghouse would be dark gray because it will wont get to hot or to cold in the doghouse for the dog . i know this because in the results the light gray lid only made the jar an average of 48 degrees c after 10 minutes of being under the lamp .
light gray light gray will keep the doghouse cooler that black because lighter colors reflect more light than darker colors . dark colors do not reflect light well instead they absorb it causing higher temperatures . in winter light gray will keep the doghouse slight warmer than white would and it will keep the doghouse cooler in the summer .
black the paint color will help to keep the dog warm because in the results of the experiment the black lid heated up faster .
white the color white might affect the doghouse by making it cooler . i know this because the temperature for the air in the glass jar with the black lid was warmer then the white lid .
black in the experiment the black lid on the jar held the most heat so if you colored the doghouse black the temperature inside the doghouse would stay at a higher constant temperature . the black lid had the highest average temperature of 53 deg c dark gray had an average temperature of 48 deg c light gray had an average of 45 deg c and white had the lowest temperature with 42 deg c
white white would reflect more heat and keep the dog from baking in the summer . the average temperature of the white lid jar was 42 deg while the average temperature of the black lid jar was 53 deg . the white was 11 deg cooler so if the doghouse was white that should stop the dog from being fried in the summer .
dark gray if brandi and jerry painted the doghouse dark gray i think it would be just warm enough in the winter and just cool enough in the summer because dark gray has the medium warm temperature on the chart about the colored lids .
white in the experiment the color white absorbed less heat . so if you want your dog to stay cool you should pick white that way he or she isnt as hot .
white the purpose of a doghouse is to have a place where a dog could get out of the sun or rain . white is a good choice because it let the least amount of heat into the jar . the temperature of the white jar was an average of 11 deg c less than the temperature of black jar .
white this color will cool down the doghouse . the results show that on every trial the whites temperature was lower than all other colors in the experiment .
white painting the doghouse white would keep the temperature cooler inside the doghouse . the arm with the white lid had the coolest temperature inside the jar . the darker the color of the lid got the warmer the inside of the jar was .
white i chose white because the white paint color doesn t absorb that much energy than the other colors and also the air temperature inside wouldnt be as high as the other colors . so if the white doghouse was placed under the sun and the starting temperature would be 24 deg c the average temperature would only rise up to 42 deg c . but if the color of the doghouse was black or gray than the temperature would be in the 45 deg c 53 deg c . so white doghouse would be a great pick for the color of the doghouse .
black black will make the doghouse to hot . the dog will not go in the doghouse because the dog will not feel comfortable . in the lab the black got way more heat then the others colors that were used .
black black absorbs heat therefore it would make the doghouse warmer than all of the other colors . this can be supported because in the experiment black got up to 53 deg c and the white only got up to 42 deg c . black was the warmest
light gray the doghouse color should be light gray because in the lid experiment the hottest color was black and the coolest color was white . i chose light gray because you dont want the dog to be to c old in the doghouse because in their experiment the coldest lid was the white lid and the average temperature for that lid was 42 deg so i though is stead of having the doghouse that cold why not have it light gray because the average temperature for the light gray lid turned out to be 45 deg
white it should be white because in the experiment the white lid had the lowest air temperature . you dont want your dog tog e t to hot during the summer .
white the color white would be good for the doghouse because it is the color that does not attract heat so the inside of the doghouse wont be hot . in the experiment the color white was the lowest te mixture out of the other colors so it would bethe best color for the doghouse .
white i chose white because the white was the coolest in all 4 trials . the white coloring repelled the heat of the lamp keeping it cool . on hot days the dog would stay cool .
light gray i chose light gray because that way the doghouse could stay cool and the dog wouldnt be too hot . black was an average of 53 and light gray was 45 . so its a just right roof .
white white would bethe best color for the dog house because in the experiment the data in the chart shows that white kept the coolest temperature of 41 deg c light gray had the second coolest t temperature of 44 deg c dark gray had the second hottest temperature of 48 deg c and black had the hottest temperature of 54 deg c .
black it will make the doghouse warmer than any of the other colors because in the experiment the black lid had the warmest effect on the glass jar os it would most likely have the warmest effect on the doghouse 
dark gray they should use the dark gray because they want the doghouse warm for the winter and the nights but not to warm because of summer if they use the dark gray then the doghouse stays warm for the winter and not too hot for the summer . this color will affect the inside because it is a darker color but it is not too dark the dark gray will keep the doghouse warm and cozy for the dog but not to warm for the summer . the dark gray kept the jar at a temperature of 48 deg the black kept it at 53 deg the light gray kept it at 45 deg and the white kept it at 42 deg . these results show that if they used black the dog hose would get to hot . if they used the white the doghouse would be too cold . the dark gray would keep the house at a warm temperature for the dog .
light gray that color would effect the doghouse because when the sun was up it would maintain 44 deg 46 deg c . that would keep the dog comfortable while the sun was out .
white the color white might affect the doghouse because since white is avery light color it does not absorb light as well a dark color would . the dark color would not only absorb the light but would also create heat energy . from the results in the experiment white was the color that i had chosen because the air in the glass jar did not get near as hot as all the others . also picking the color that didnt create as much heat as all the others is the best to choose because then the dog stays cool .
white this color will affect the doghouse by making it cooler on the inside because in the air temperature data brandi and jerry figured out that white colors didnt attract much heat because compared to the black to white lid the black lid was 11 deg c more hot than the white lid .
white white would be a good color for the doghouse because it doesnt absorb as much energy as the other colors . this means that the temperature inside the doghouse wont be as hot . in the scenario the temperature of the air for the white lid was 42 deg c and the temperatures of the black dark gray and light gray lids were 53 deg c 48 deg c and 45 deg c . this information shows that the white lid had a lower temperature than the other three lids .
white if the doghouse was white the inside would be cooler then the rest of the colors . in the experiment the white lid was 11 degrees cooler then the black .
light gray the color light gray would bethe best paint for the doghouse . during the experiment light grey had an average of 48 deg c compared to black who average was 53 deg c and white who was 42 deg c . light grey would affect the doghouse because it is a color that soaks up heat but not so much that it would overheat the doghouse .
white the doghouse will remain cooler in the summer . the white lid only had an average of 42 deg c in the jar while the black lid had an average of 53 deg c in the jar .
white if brandi and jerry chose white as the color for their doghouse then it ll affect the temperature by it being much cooler inside rather than a black or dark gray color which would make it much warmer .
white a white doghouse would make the inside of that doghouse cooler in the summer but it wouldnt make it as warm in the winter since in the experiment the white lid captured less light than any other color of lid .
black black will make the doghouse warmer than the other colors because it got an average of 53 while the other colors got in the 40 s .
black black might affect the doghouse because this color will heat the doghouse the most . black based on the experiment was able to absorb the most light energy out of all the colored lids . for example in trial 1 black had a temperature of 52 degrees c elias compared to dark gray which was 48 degrees calcium . light gray had 44 degrees calcium and white had 42 degrees calcium . evidently black will keep the doghouse most warm compared to the other three colors .
white if they use white the doghouse will be cooler than if they used black because the average temperature inside the jar was 42 deg c fora white lid and 53 deg c fora black lid .
white brandi and jerry should use white paint to keep the dog hose cool in the sun . white would be best because it will absorb the least energy keeping the temp down in the test a black colored lid was and average temp of 53 while the white color was 42 and 11 deg difference .
light gray light gray would make it so the dog was cool inside the house and not to hot and to cold . at black the temperature was 53 deg c and at white the temperature was 42 deg c . but at light gray it was 45 deg c so then the temperature would not be to hot or to cold .
white i chose white for the color of paint for the doghouse . white might affect the doghouse by keeping the inside cooler during the day . when the glass jar had a black lid the average temperature was 53 deg c . when the glass jar had a white lid after ten minutes the average temperature in the jar was only 42 deg c . this is a difference of 11 deg c . white is the better choice for paint color on a doghouse because it will keep a dog cool in the middle of the day .
black i think this color will effect the doghouse by heating it up when there light energy or heat energy inside of it because black got the highest average of 53 c deg
white white would affect the color by not letting the doghouse heat up because with the data the result was the darker the color the more heat so the color white would keep the doghouse nice and fresh .
dark gray i chose the color dark gray because when it is cold outside the house will absorb heat and warm up the doghouse so it wont be cold . but when it is really hot outside it wont absorb as much energy as the black paint so it will be a little cool .
white white made the jar the coolest on average in the experiment at 42 deg c . while black on average made the jar the hottest at 53 deg c . so if you painted the doghouse white the temperature inside the doghouse should be cooler than if you painted it black dark gray or light gray .
white if your design for your doghouse was to keep the dog out of the heat then you should choose the white because after ten minutes of a lamps heat the white color kept the temperature down to 42 deg c while the black lid kept the temperature to 53 deg c
light gray light gray . because the color is not that dark but not that light ether . for the summer it wont be that hot and in the winter it wont be that cold ether . also the temperatures of the data came out that the gray color is right in the middle average of the experiment .
black it would make it warmer for the dog so it would be warmer inside the doghouse so the dog would not be too cold . in the experiment the results show that the darker the color the warmer it is inside .
light gray light gray would be a good color to paint the doghouse . one reason i chose this is because when the sun is beating down on the doghouse the dog could overheat . also the opposite is true as well . if you had a white doghouse it may make the dog very cold . the black lid had an average of 53 deg c and the white lid had an average of 42 deg c . this makes a grey painted doghouse the best choice .
white the best color to choose for brandi and jerri es doghouse would be white because white doesnt absorb as much heat as does darker colors for example in the air temperature experiment . they put a dark color lid over ajar with a starting temperature point at 24 c elias . after ten minutes the took the lid off to find out that the jar had gotten warmer and was recorded at an average of 53 c . but when they put the lighter covered lid over the jar at a starting point of c after 10 minutes they saw that the jar was an average of only 42 c . so the best choice would bethe color white for your doghouse because it will not absorb as much heat and will stay cooler for your dog .
dark gray the dark gray color fora doghouse might be best to keep the dog warm in the winter with the little sun it receives but not overly heated in the summer . in the experiment the dark gray had the second to highest air temperature with 48 deg . a black house might absorb too much heat which would be unhealthy for the dog . in the investigation the air temperature of black was at 53 deg . the light gray and white paint color might not absorb enough heat to keep the dog warm which would also be unhealthy for the dog . the air temperatures of the light gray was 45 deg and of the white was 42 deg . this is why i would choose the dark gray paint fora doghouse .
white in the testing of which color made the air inside of the jar hottest the black was the hottest then came the dark gray than light grey then the white was the coolest so the air inside of the doghouse would be cooler if it was white which would be best for the dog .
white white is the best color to use for the doghouse . this is because the color white reflects the most sunlight and therefore it wont be as hot inside the house . with the white colored jar lid the average temperature is 42 deg c . the averages for the light gray dark gray and black lids were 45 deg c 48 deg c and 53 deg c . this shows that having the doghouse be white would keep the air cooler and more comfortable for the dog .
white it is the brightest color in this selection and the darker the color the more energy it will absorb . the doghouse will usually be humid and hot and dry inside for the dog if a lot of the suns solar energy is being absorbed and spread throughout the doghouse . evidence of this is in the investigation by looking at the average column of the data table . by doing so you can see that white had the lowest average temperature at 42 deg c while the black had an average temperature of 53 deg c . dark and light gray were also above whites average making white the best suited color for the doghouse .
black using the results from the experiment thebes t color for the doghouse if you were looking for the doghouse to be warm would be black because in the experiment it shows that black heats up the most in the same amount of time .
white in the experiment they said darker colors as rb more heat and you do not want more heat in you re dogs house . and you dont want you re dog to overheat so i picked white so it stays cool during the summer .
white i think white might bethe best color for the doghouse because when its sunny out the temperature inside the dog house will be cooler because in the experiment we learned that white is cooler proving that it absorbed less heat .
light gray i chose the light gray paint because in the summertime the doghouse wont be too hot or too cold . the light gray rose 21 deg c in ten minutes whereas the black rose 29 deg c and that means that when its hot outside the temperature in the doghouse will be hot and uncomfortable .
light gray light gray would bethe best color fora dog house because if the dog is outside and its cold outside the light gray still tracts some warmth to it but not too much for when its hot outside . in the experiment light gray had the average of 45 deg c while white had 42 deg c and the black had an average of 53 deg c . this shows that white would be too cold because it would not attract a lot of sunlight . the black is too hot by attracting too much sunlight but the light gray attracts enough sunlight to keep the house cool and warm .
black this color will make the inside of the doghouse warmer than the other colors . dark grays average temperature was 48 degrees calcium light grays average temperature was 45 degrees calcium and whites average temperature was 42 degrees calcium .
black if they use the color black the inside air te mature would bethe warmest according to there data .
white if you paint the doghouse white it will stay nice and cool and wont get too hot because the data showed that when the lid was white the average temperature 42 deg c was colder than the others . when the lid was black the average temperature was highest 53 deg c which is 11 deg more than the white lids average .
white having a white colored doghouse is the best option because its the one that got the lowest temperature in the experiment which was 42 deg c average . and since you dont want your dog to get a heatstroke then whites the best . the other colors averages were black 53 deg c dark gray 48 deg c and light gray 45 deg c which are to hot fora dog to be living in .
white white is the best color to paint the dog house because in brandi and jerry s experiment the darker lids had a higher temperature . black had a ending temperature average of 53 deg c and the white lid had a ending temperature average of 42 deg c . therefore white would bethe better paint color to keep the doghouse cooler for the dog .
white the white lid had the lowest temperature at 42 degrees calcium so it would make the doghouse allot cooler compared to the black lid at 53 degrees calcium
black i chose black because the average inside temperature after ten minutes was 53 degree calcium so then the doghouse would be warmer for the dog .
black if they used black for there doghouse there dog would be very warm because it would keep all the heat in there for keeping the dog warm because the black will be trading in the heat that is why people dont wear black on a hot day . i can say this because in the data table for black the average temperature was 53 deg and that was the highest temperature there was this is why i think brandi and jerry should use black for there doghouse .
white it would make it cooler than the other colors . white ended up about 42 deg c while black was about 53 deg c .
white white will reduce the temperature inside the doghouse . in the experiment white had an average of 42 deg c while the other colors had higher temperature averages .
black the black paint would absorb heat . that would keep the doghouse warm . the results showed that the jar with the black lid was th warmest after 10 minutes .
white it will make the air cooler because its average was 42 . it started at 24 so it only went up by 18 and black went up by 29 because black ended at 53 .
white white is avery light color . but with black it attracts the sun . so inside this doghouse when black it can get hot . but with the white it can also get warm but not hot as 53 deg c as the black had . the white had a average of 42 deg c which is not hot compared to 53 deg c .
black this color will help keep the inside of the doghouse warmer . the black colored lid is 9 deg warmer than the white colored lid .
light gray after being exposed to heat white was the coolest with 42 deg c followed by light gray with 45 deg c dark gray and then black . by using light grey the doghouse would stay fairly cool in the summer unlike black and absorb a fair amount of heat in the cold winter unlike white .
black well the darker the color is the more heat it produces in the atmosphere so id suggest black because the dog is outside so the dog will stay warm at a good temperature . on the table of the experiment it shows that having a black lid on trial one gave it 54 degrees on white on trial one it was only about 42 degrees . 12 degree difference
white i would choose white because it will keep the dog cool in the summertime because the white lid had an average temperature of 42 deg c whereas the light grey had an average of 45 deg c the dark grey had an average of 48 deg c and the black had an average of 53 deg c .
black if they use black paint on the doghouse then the doghouse will be hotter than with any other color . in the experiment the black lids average temperature was 53 degrees and all the other colors were more cold .
white the color white would affect the doghouse by cooling it off because in the experiment the air temperature of the jar with the white lid was 42 degrees in comparison to the air temperature in the jar with the black lid which was 53 degrees . that makes black 9 degrees hotter then white .
white white will keep the doghouse cooler than any darker colors . this is because the average air temperature of the jar with the white lid was 42 deg c the light grey lid was 45 deg c the dark grey lid was 48 deg c and the black lid was 53 deg c . the difference between the darkest black lid and the white lid was 11 deg c .
white white so the doghouse stays cooler because ac wording to the table white makes the temp inside the jar the coolest
light gray the best color for brandi and jerry to paint their doghouse would probably light gray . this is because while the lid that absorbed the most heat black had an average temperature of 53 deg c and the coolest white had an average temperature of 42 deg c the light grey lid had an average temperature of 45 deg c a medium between the two which would make the doghouse retain heat in the winter and keep it cool in the summer .
black this color will keep the inside of the doghouse warmer . dark colors absorb more heat energy . in the experiment with the jar the air was always warmer in the jar with a black lid rather than jars with lighter color
black using black as the color of the doghouse will make it hotter . in the experiment the black lid made the air the hottest . this would help the dog stay warmer in the winter . it would bethe best color choice as long as the owners live ina cold climate .
light gray the light color of the doghouse will help to keep the doghouse cool and ideal in hot temperatures but will also absorb enough thermal energy from the sun to had a semi warm environment . while the black lid color in the experiment created an average jar air temperature of 53 deg that temperature is very hot and a deg would feel very uncomfortable within that environment . however if we look at the white lid it had an average temperature of 42 deg . that temperature is a bit too low and it might not absorb enough thermal every on days that it is cooler . however the light gray lid had an average of 45 deg in the trials . its temperature was most ideal and it would create the most balanced environment for the dog to live in .
black black would make the doghouse warm inside . in the experiment the average temperature for black jars was 53 deg c
white white because white absorbs less heat energy from the sun . in the experiment brandi and jerry discovered that darker colors affect how much energy they can absorb . so that s why white is the best color to choose to make anew doghouse . because it doesnt absorb that much energy from the sun .
black black darker colored paint will absorb the energy from the light source lamp and keep it heated up inside the doghouse . like the air temperature experiment the black lid color had 54 deg c while the white lid color had a 42 deg c proving that the darker the color there is the more heat is absorbed keeping it more warm .
dark gray i would choose to paint the doghouse dark gray because the color would not be too dark or too light so it wouldnt make the doghouse too warm or cold . the data supports this because the jar with the dark gray lid had a temperature that was more in between that of the black and white jars when the light gray jar had a temperature that was closer to the white jar making it to cold .
white it would affect the doghouse by it would stay cool in there . in the experiment white had the lowest temp future
dark gray this color will allow the doghouse to be rely lively warm in the winter yet cool enough in the summer to keep the dog c often rb le . the average temperature of the dark gray lid was 48 deg c 5 deg c cooler than the average temperature for the hottest lid which was the black lid and therefore shows that the doghouse will be able to sustain a coat table temperature .
white the doghouse should be white because the color white deflects the heat waves so the inside of the doghouse would be cooler . if the doghouse was painted black it would absorb more heat waves and then the doghouse would get hotter .
white white might make the doghouse cooler because white in the experiment showed it would increase the temperature by 20 or so degrees c . when black increased by 30 or so degrees c .
black i chose black because black is going to keep the doghouse warmer . if they paint the doghouse white the light will just reflect off butt if they choose black then they will keep the warm i know this because on the experiment they did with the lamp the average temperature with the black lid was 53 deg c but the average temperature with the white lid was 42 deg c . so black would bethe best color for the doghouse .
black this would make the doghouse very hot and uncomfortable because as shown in the experiment black attracts heat bringing more thermal energy to the doghouse than other colors such as white .
white the color white might affect the doghouse by keeping it cooler because the black had an average of 53 deg c . the dark gray had an average temperature of 48 deg c and the light gray had an average temperature of 45 deg c . finally the white had an average temperature of 42 deg c . so the black jar had the highest temperature darkest color and the white had the lowest temperature brightest color . so inside the doghouse will be less warm if you put on the white paint
black this color paint black will attract more heat to the inside of the doghouse . we know this because the average of heat inside the jar on brandi and jerry experiment was 54 deg c for black paint and 42 deg c for the white paint . so you can see that if you were wanting to keep the inside of the doghouse warm you would want to paint it black .
white painting the doghouse white will make it sot hat the temperature inside will be cooler because as tests show white c compared to black can have a temperature difference of 12 degrees celsius .
white white reflect the light . when you use white c color temperature will lower than when you use dark color . in the expired he when you use white the temperature was deg c but when you use black the temperature was 53 deg c . when you use white color temperature was 9 deg c lower than when you use dark color .
light gray in the test results the white at the average of 42 deg c was the coolest while black at the average of 53 deg c was the hottest . while light gray is averaging 45 deg c it will not be too hot or too cold for the dog .
dark gray during each trial it stayed 48 deg c which isnt to hot or cold . it might affect it buy whether its snowing or really cold outside he wont freeze because the color is trying to attract some kind of heat . for when its hot it would attract some sunlight though but not as much as black . so its fairly comfortable fora dog .
light gray this color might affect the inside of the doghouse because the result in the experiment was that the lighter the color the lower temperature . i chose light gray because on sunny days when the dog need shade or cooling off it can just go into the doghouse where it will bethe perfect temperature cold but not freezing .
white it would bethe best because it would keep the dog cool because what had the lowest average temperature
white white will keep the doghouse cooler because it will be only 42 deg c inside then if brandi and jerry were to use black it would be 54 deg c inside of the doghouse because black absorbed light and white reflects the light so the heat doesnt go inside of the doghouse .
light gray light gray because it wouldnt be that hot in the summertime and in would not be that cold . because in the results the average for light grey was 45 deg . and that in perfect temperature
white i would chose white because that will make it the coldest and if i were a dog i wouldnt want it to be really hot id want it to be as cold as i could get it . for black the average was the warmest with 53 deg c for dark gray it was in the middle with 48 deg c for light gray it was also in the middle with 45 deg c and white was the coldest with 42 deg c . the white paint will keep the doghouse less insulated and more open . it will keep it so its not so hot and not so cold because 42 deg c isnt cold or hot its in the middle .
white i think they should go with white so the doghouse doesnt get to hot because the black paints number was 53 for the average and the latest color whites average was 42 so i think that the color that would be best for the doghouse would be white because it reflects less heat from the other three colors which were black dark are light grey and white .
light gray the lighter the color of the doghouse the cooler the temperature is inside and the darker the color of the doghouse the warmer it is inside because when the lid color was black the average temperature was 53 deg c . but when the lid color was white the average temperature was 42 deg c which had a difference of 11 deg .
black the average temperature inside the glass jar with a black lid was 53 deg c . with a dark gray lid the average temperature was 48 deg c . with alight gray lid the average temperature was 45 deg c . with a white lid the average temperature was 42 deg c . the starting temperature was 24 deg c so the average temperature for the black lid raised the starting temperature by 29 deg c . the average temperature for the black lid also kept the glass jar 11 deg warmer than the white lid . therefore to keep the inside of the doghouse warm and also to keep the dog warm in cold temperatures black would bethe best color because it had the highest average temperature inside the glass jar .
light gray light gray will affect the doghouse because based on the data the light gray color was the second coolest at an average of 45 deg . this will help because during the summer when it is hot it will keep the doghouse cooler . but it will also help during the winter and keep the doghouse warmer .
white the color white may affect the doghouse ina better way than the other three colors because according to the data table the lid color black dark gray light gray all had higher air temperatures . the color white had the lowest average air temperature inside the jar . therefore white would be abetter color for the doghouse because the air temperature inside of the doghouse would be less than the other three colors .
white white will keep the doghouse more chill than black or dark gray cause of their hot temps . . when white has a temp of 42 degrees calcium . . keeping the doghouse nice and cold . .
black the color black will make a higher temperature in the doghouse then dark gray light gray or white because darker colors absorb more energy . this is supported by the data of the experiment hot lamp . the average temperature inside the glass jar after 10 minutes for the black lid was 53 degrees celsius the average temperature for the dark gray lid inside the glass jar was 48 degrees celsius thea average temperature for the light gray lid inside the glass jar after 10 minutes was 45 degrees celsius and the average temperature inside the glass jar after 10 minutes for the white lid was 42 degrees celsius . this data shows proof that darker colors will increase the temperature in the dog house .
black by using black for the color of the doghouse the inside of the house will be warmer than the other colors because darker colors absorb more heat . according to brandi and jerry s chart it is true because after 10 minutes the black lit had the warmest air inside the jar .
light gray the color of light gray might affect the doghouse by keeping it the right temperature not too cold or too hot because the darker the color the hotter it gets and the lighter the color the c color it gets according too the data in which i got the information .
white a white paint on the doghouse might work the best for summer and according to the data table the white colors average temperature was the lowest so it will be good for days when its hot .
light gray this color might affect the doghouse because when the weather is warm outside the doghouse will stay cool but also be a bit warm . also when the weather is cold outside the doghouse will be warm but also a bit cool . i know this because when the light gray lid was used on the jar the temperature inside the jar was average and stayed cool . however the lid was also a bit warm . the lowest temperature inside the glass jar with the light gray lid on was 44 deg c while the highest was 46 deg c which if this is the same with the doghouse will make the doghouse feel like a great temperature .
light gray the best color to paint a doghouse would be light gray because according to the selection light gray was cooler than black by 8 deg and it was 3 deg hotter than white which would allow the dog to be cooler in the summer but still warm in the winter
white white paint would be best because it would keep the interior of the doghouse cool . the white lid had an average of 42 deg c while the black lid got up to 53 deg c . unless you want your dog to be too hot in his or her doghouse i suggest you paint it white . also white looks much better on houses than black dark grey or light grey .
light gray using alight gray paint on a doghouse will help keep it warm inside on cold days and cool inside on warm days so the dog is always comfortable . i would pick light gray for the color because it had an average temperature of 45 deg c inside the glass jar and that is a nice even temperature for cold and warm days .
dark gray the white paint would reflect all of the light rays therefore keeping the doghouse cooler for the dog to escape the heat . the black lid had an average of 53 deg c air temperature inside the jar after 10 minutes but the white lid had and average of 42 deg c air temperature inside the jar after 10 minutes . this is a difference of 11 deg c . the white doghouse would keep a dog cooler than any other color of paint .
white the color white will affect the doghouse by in the summer when it is hotter outside the white wont absorbed to much heat keeping the doghouse cooler . the average temperature for the white lip was 42 the coolest temperate and the average for black was 53 the highest the lower the number the cooler it is . white would bethe best choice for the doghouse .
light gray using light gray would keep the temperature at an even or equal rate . if it was cold it wouldnt keep it as warm but not super cold either . if it was hot outside the doghouse would keeps aorta cool but not extremely hot either . the average of black is a high at 53 degrees . which is super hot . then white would be too cold at an average temp at 42 degrees .
white white paint will keep the inside of the dodo use cool because in their experiment the temperature of the white was 42 deg c it will keep the dog comfortable .
white brandi and jerry should design a doghouse with the color white because the white lids average air temperature in the jar was only 42 deg c the lowest temperature of all the lids . this would make the doghouse have a lower temperature when exposed to light to keep the dog cooler . as you can seethe average air temperature in the jar for the white lid was only 42 deg c as compared to the black lid which had an average of 53 deg c . this is an increase in 11 deg c a clear increase of air temperature in the jar from the white to the black lid and therefore showing that with the white paint the air temperature within the doghouse when exposed to light will bethe lowest compared to all other paint colors tested .
white by painting the doghouse white the temperature in the doghouse will not be that high . according to the experiment using a white lid will keep the temperature inside the jar low . so by painting the doghouse white the temperature in the doghouse will stay low .
light gray brandi and jerry should paint their doghouse light gray because it wont absorb as much heat energy as the darker colors . in the data is shows that the black lid got the hottest 53 deg c while the light gray lid only reached 45 deg c . it will still collect heat to keep the doghouse warm but not as much as the darker colors .
black i chose black because black makes it hotter nd that will affect the doghouse by making it hotter . . . . in the experiment it showed that black is hotter .
white the paint color that they should use is white . this is because the average temperature of the white lid was 42 deg while the average temperatures for the other colors were 45 48 and 53 deg . this shows that the white lid was 11 deg degrees color on average than the black lid . therefore the dog would stay cooler and more comfortable in the white house whereas he could become too hot in the black one .
black if they painted the doghouse black then it will be hotter inside the doghouse because the darker the color the more heat it will absorb . example the black lid created the hottest air temperature in the jar .
white the color white will effect the inside of the doghouse because it will keep it cooler in the summer when it hot . for example when the white lid was placed under the lamp it heated up to about 42 deg c but when the black lid was placed under the lamp it heated up to about 53 deg c .
white white will attract less heat . i say this because it had the lowest average of 42 deg that 1 deg less than gray 6 deg less that dark grey and 11 deg less than black .
white the color white will affect the doghouse by changing the temperature and making it much cooler in the doghouse . in the experiment it showed that the color white was much colder thant e other colors they test edit was an average of 42 when black was c
black the color black would increase air temperature inside the doghouse . this is modeled in the experiment because when the lid on the jar was black it had an average inside air temperature of 53 deg c and when the lid color was white the air temperature inside was only an average of 42 deg c . so this shows that when the color black is used instead of white you will have an average air temperature increase of 11 deg c .
black in the experiment the jar with the black lid was on average 53 deg c after being exposed to the lamp for ten minuets . the dark grey lid was only 48 deg c 5 deg c less than that of the black lid . the jar with a white lid was only 42 deg c 11 deg c less than the jar with the black lid . to warm up the doghouse by just the sunlight brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse black to increase the temperature within the doghouse . compared to the results with the jars the black paint would absurd the sunlight and warm up the doghouse more than painting it white as with the jars experiment the black lid warmed up the jar 11 deg c more than the jar with the white lid .
white i would choose white because white does not absorb a lot of light so there for when it is hot outside your dog will not get to hot inside of its doghouse . i choose the color white because in the experiment it shows that the average temperature for the white lid was 42 and for the black lid it was 53 . that is an 11 deg c difference between the two colors . so fora doghouse i highly considered it being white .
light gray the light gray will make the dogs house not too cold and not too hot for the dog . the average temperature would probably be around 40 50 deg because the light gray lid on the jar had an average 45 deg c but a doghouse is a different size from ajar so the temps true will vary a little .
white the best color for the doghouse is white . this is because according to brandies and jerry experiment the white doghouse gives the least amount of heat into the doghouse . for the black doghouse the average temperature would be 53 deg c for the dark grey doghouse the average temperature would be 48 deg c for the light grey doghouse the temperature would be 45 deg c and the white doghouse would have a temperature 42 deg c . according to this data the best color fora doghouse would be white .
dark gray the reason that i selected dark gray as the optimal color for the doghouse is because out of all the colors dark gray seemed to bethe middle temperature . this temperature will affect the doghouse by making it hotter in the winter when the sun shines on it and c color then black in the summer because it is a lighter shade than black . this will occur from the dark gray paint because in the experiment the use of the black lid made the air temperature inside the jar an average of 53 deg . the use of a white lid in the experiment made the air temper nature inside the jar an average of 42 deg . the use of alight gray lid made the air temperature inside the jar an average of 45 deg and the use of a dark gray lid made the air temperature inside the jar 48 deg . this shows that dark gray is the middle temperature and ideal fora doghouse because its temperature was 6 deg hotter than the coolest temporal are and 5 deg cooler then the hottest temperature making dark gray medium in temperature and optimal fora doghouse .
white the best paint color for the doghouse is white because the white color for the lid does not get as hot as the other c color so it wont be really hot inside the doghouse . according to the air temperature black average was 53 c deg dark gray average 48 c deg light gray average 45 c deg and the white average 42 c deg
white i would choose to paint the doghouse white . the reason that i would paint the doghouse white is because the inside of the doghouse would then be cooler rather than if you were painting it black . the average air temperature when using white after 10 minutes was 42 deg c rather then when using black after 10 minutes it was 53 deg c . this has an overwhelming difference of 11 deg c after just 10 minutes
black this color black will help the doghouse stay become warmer . since the doghouse is outside and for the most part its pretty cold outside the doghouse should be black so that the dog who lives in the doghouse can stay warm . black will do this the most because it absorbs energy better . after the 10 minutes in the experiment black was the darkest color and had an average temperature of 53 degrees calcium . after the 10 minutes in the experiment white was the lightest color and had an average temperature of 42 degrees calcium . so this proves that the darker the color the more energy it will absorb making the object warmer .
white the temperature inside the white doghouse will be much cooler then the air temperature outside . because in the experiment the results from all the testing showed that the white colored lid was much cooler the the rest of the colors used so it would be more reasonable to use the white colored paint to paint the doghouse .
black if they choose to paint the doghouse black it will affect it by absorbing more heat energy . in the investigation the average temperature for the black lid was 53 deg c versus the white which had an average of 42 deg c . therefore if brandi and jerry paint the doghouse black it will absorb more heat energy than the other colors .
light gray the best paint color for the doghouse would be light grey . this because the light grey would keep the doghouse not as hot during like the summer and warm enough during the winter . from brandi and jerry s previous experiment you can see with darker colors on the lids like black and dark grey it made the jar temperature hotter so if you used it on the doghouse it would make it too warm inside . with the light grey it would be not to hot or cold . another choice would bethe white but that might make the doghouse to cold in the winter so light grey is the best choice .
light gray light gray would bethe best color for the doghouse because it would not be too hot or too cold because in the expired went the jar with light gray lid had an average temperature of 45 deg c after 10 minutes under the heat lamp which was not as cold as the white lid 42 deg c and the light grey lid did not have as hot of an average air temperature after 10 minutes under the heat lamp as the dark gray lid 48 deg c or the black lid which was 53 deg c . with the light grey roof the dog would not get too hot or too cold in its doghouse .
white it was the lid color that had the coolest temperature . it was 42 deg c 43 deg c 41 deg c and 42 deg c .
black the color black might affect the inside oft he doghouse because the color black absorbs more energy compared to the other colors . i think this because in the data from the experiment the average air temperature inside the glass jar after ten minutes for the lid color black was 53 deg c . the dark gray lid colors average air temperature inside the glass jar after ten minutes was 48 deg c the air temperature for light gray was 45 deg c and the average air temperature for the lid color white was 42 deg c . overall the conclusion you could draw from that data is that the lid color black did absorb more energy than the other colors . in the experiment the black lid had a difference in averages from the coldest air temperature the white lid by 11 deg c .
dark gray i think that brandi and jerry should use dark grey for the doghouse paint color . dark grey would keep the temperature between the highest and the lowest temperature . dark grey would bethe best because the black doghouse would get to hot for the dog at an average at 53 deg c and the white doghouse would be to cold for the dog at ana average of 42 deg c so i picked the dark grey doghouse because it was in the middle at 48 deg c . the light grey house would be my next choose at an average of 45 deg c . the light grey and dark grey doghouses are only 3 deg c away from each other and i picked the dark grey because if it got colder the doghouse would still stay warm enough for the dog .
white white has the least temperature on the data table and it is the lightest color . like their hypothesis said darker colors absorb more heat than lighter colors . so white is the lightest color there is . so that means that the white doghouse wont absorb any heat like the black dark gray and light gray doghouses .
light gray brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse light grey because light grey absorbs more heat than white but it absorbs less heat than black and dark grey . light gray would be perfect because during the summer the light gray would absorb some heat but not a lot so the doghouse wouldnt be too warm . during the winter the light gray would absorb some heat so that the doghouse wont be too cold during the winter . i know this because in the experiment that brandi and jerry did where they found out how the color of an object affects its temperature they found that the average temperature of the glass jar with the black lid after 10 minutes was 53 deg c . the average temperature of the glass jar with the dark gray lid after 10 minutes was 48 deg c . the average temperature of the glass jar with the light gray lid after 10 minutes was 45 deg c . finally the average temperature of the glass jar with the white lid after 1 0 minutes was 42 deg c . this shows that light gray absorbs some heat but not a lot so light gray would bethe perfect color fora doghouse .
dark gray the dark gray would be better for the dog house because its not to hot but not to cold . the black would be to hot because the average was 53 deg c but the light gray and white are to cold with the light grays average at 45 deg c and white at 42 deg c . so in this case the dark gray is the right color for the doghouse with the average of 48 deg c .
black black will be a good color for the doghouse because it attracts heat and it will keep the dog warm in its doghouse . the average temperature for the color black is 53 degrees and the average temperature for the lightest color white is 42 degrees though black is better because it is a warmer color and the dog should rather be warm rather than cold .
black if it is cold outside and there is still some sun the color would absorb the sun making the doghouse a little warmer for the dog to stay in . giving a dog a water atmosphere would be better to have it cold and freezing . brandi and jerry did an experiment where they tested colors black dark gray light gray amp white and black had an average of 53 degrees c . while comparing to the white which was 42 degrees c that is 12 degrees apart from the black .
light gray black absorbs more heat therefore it will be too warm in the doghouse white on the other hand absorbs less heat as you can see on the data table . during trial 1 white was 42 deg while black was 54 deg . so if the roof is white the dog will too cool . therefore the doghouse should be light grey it is a happy medium . on cool days it will still be warm because grey absorbs more heat than white and on hot days it wont be too hot because grey absorbs less heat then black .
white the dog have fur and when it hot the white will reflect the heat from going inside and keep the dog cool in the experiment the white got cool then the others
black if the paint on the doghouse is black then the inside of the doghouse will be warmer . the air in the jar was always warmer when the black lid was on it . the dog will stay warm ina black doghouse .
white white because the jar with the white jar lid stayed the coolest and only got up to about 42 deg c . so the doghouse would stay cooler if you painted it white .
black black paint well keep the doghouse warmer because the black lid was averaged 54 deg c ware as white paint was only 42 deg c . so there would bean average of about 12 deg c difference between the white and black paint .
black the darker the color the more heat or light is absorbed making it warmer . and in the experiment black made the air of the jar the warmest . the heat from the top of the doghouse will heat up the doghouse
white the color white would bethe best choice when painting a doghouse because it would keep the dogs cooler on when inside than any of the other color choices . the average temperature when testing white paint in the experiment was 42 deg c . which is 11 deg c cooler than if you would have chosen black paint which has an average of 53 deg c . proving perfectly why choosing white paint is the best choice .
dark gray the color dark gray because it would keep the doghouse cool for the dog because the average temp . was 48 deg
white the white will keep the doghouse cooler when it is hot outside . since the temperature was lowest when the white lid was on the jar the temperature in the doghouse will be cooler with a white doghouse .
white because it doesnt get as hot at black dark grey or light gray the average for the white lid is 42 deg c the average for the black is 53 deg c the average for the dark grey is 48 deg c and the average for the light grey is 45 deg c so there for white is the best color for the doghouse because it doesnt get as hot as the other colors
white the inside of the doghouse will be cooler because white had the lowest temperature . at 42 degrees celsius
white the doghouse should be white because then the temperature inside the doghouse would not rise as much on a sunny day because according to experiment and the data table lid color vs . air temperature the glass jar with the white lid was the least affected by light . for example the average temperature inside the glass jar with the white lid after ten minutes was 42 deg c while the average temperature inside the glass jar with the black lid after ten minutes was 53 deg c .
white the average air temperature of the jar with a white lid was 41 deg c . with the paint color as white the air temperature in the doghouse wont get as hot . with a black lid in the previous experiment the average air temperature was 53 deg c which is hotter than the white lid by 12 deg c .
white if the color of the doghouse is white this will keep the house cool . according to the experiment the black lid increased the air temperature by 29 deg c in 10 minutes while the white lid only increased it by 18 deg c .
white white would bethe best color for the doghouse because the lighter the color is the less light it will attract . the reason black dark grey or light grey wouldnt work is in the table it shows for the averages black is 53 and that is just to high dark gray is 48 and that is also pretty warm light gray is 45 and that is a little cooler than the dark gray but not much and then it shows white and white is 42 and that was the coolest of all the color because is attracted less heat .
white by painting the doghouse white it would make the doghouse cooler inside than painting it black dark gray or light gray because in the data it shows that the average temperature of the air in the jar that had the white lid was 42 deg c and the average temperature for the air inside the jar that had the black lid was 53 deg c . by painting the doghouse white there would be a difference in heat of 11 deg c than painting the doghouse black . therefore painting the doghouse white would bethe best choice of color to paint the doghouse because it would keep it the coolest temperature .
white if the doghouse is white it will not become as hot as if it were painted black . the jar with the black lid had an average of 53 deg c under the lamp . however the jar with the white lid had an average temperature of 42 deg c
black i think the black paint would work best because it absorbed the most heat out of the four colors . the average temperature was 53 degrees which was five degrees higher than the dark gray eight degrees higher than the light gray and eleven degrees higher than the white paint .
white the white paint would make the inside of the doghouse cool and not hot because dark colors absorb more energy as said in the text and bright colors dont .
white you should use white because the dog probably has enough fur to last through wine so you would want to keep as much heat out as possible during the summer i say this because according to the test results the average air heat from black was 53 deg c the average for dark gray was 48 deg c the average for light gray was 45 deg c and the average for white was 42 deg c . so in conclusion the white paint is 11 deg c cooler than black paint .
white the white would not be hot so the dog can not burn up . the temperature was 42 deg and the right was the black at 53 deg . the di went ci es would be 11 deg .
black that color will affect the doghouse warming the inside of the doghouses because in the data the color black was ranging in from 52 deg c 54 deg c and the lighter colors were in the 40 deg c
white it will keep the dog cooler in the summer . in each test the white lid was proven to stay the coolest the data shows that white has the lowest temperatures at 42 for trial 1 43 for trial 2 41 for trial 3 and 42 for trial 4 .
black black would bethe best choice in colder climates washington because it absorbs more heat . the dog would thus be warmer if its doghouse was painted black . inside the jars blacks average temperature is 53 deg c compared with white which s average temperature was 42 deg c . that is a difference of 11 deg c .
black if you use the color black then the inside of the doghouse will have an increase in temperature . according to the experiment a black lid had an average temperature of 53 deg c . while the white lid had an average temperature of 42 deg c . therefore i can conclude that a darker color will cause an object to have a higher temperature . which means a black doghouse will have a higher temperature then a white doghouse .
black in the experiment the black lid made the air hotter soto make the doghouse hot they should use the black lid for the lamp .
white having a white colored doghouse will make the doghouse cooler . this is because white is a color that doesnt absorb heat as well as other colors which will make the doghouse cooler and more comfortable for the dog . in the experiment the air temperature inside the jar was 11 deg c cooler than the jar that was black which proves that painting the doghouse white will make the doghouse cooler .
white in this experiment it proves that out of all the colors tested white was the best . white stayed cooled the whole time while others temperatures went up .
black black will affect the doghouse by making it hotter because the average temperature inside the doghouse was 53 deg c . the white will will not make it as hot because its average temperature was 42 deg c .
dark gray i think that they should paint the doghouse black because it absorbs more sunlight and allow the house to be warmer . the black had the highest temperature that was 54 degrees and the white one had 41 degrees .
white the white paint will keep the dog warm but not stifling hot . the paint had the lowest temp . of air in the lab as white doesnt attract heat like black does
white white paint will affect the inside of the doghouse by making it cooler than it would be if the doghouse was a different color . in the experiment the white color had the lowest temperature after 10 minutes and was 42 deg c . the light gray was 45 deg c the dark gray was 48 deg c and the black was 53 deg c . since the white had the lowest temperature it would keep the doghouse coolest and therefore bethe best to use .
dark gray the color might affect the doghouse by making the inside temperature warmer than the temperature outside by more than it would if you used white or light grey . because in the experiment the dark grey absorbed more heat getting an average of 48 degrees c . compared to light greys 45 degrees and whites 42 . black absorbs more energy at about 53 degrees c . but the dog might cook if its sitting in the doghouse during the summer .
light gray i chose light grey because the inside of the doghouse wouldnt be too hot for the dog or too cold . according to the data the result of light grey had an average temperature of 45 deg c while the black paint would be too hot at an average of 8776 53 deg c and the white paint could maybe be too cold with an average temperature of 42 deg c
black painting the doghouse black would make thea ir inside it warmer . in brandi and jerry s experiment the average air temperate of the can with a black lid was 53 deg c whereas the dark gray was only 48 deg c the light gray was only 45 deg c and the white lid was only 42 deg c . therefore the black lid made the air the warmest so a doghouse painted black will have the warmest inner temperature .
white if the color of the doghouse is white then it would be colder inside the doghouse and when it is warm and sunny outside the dog in the doghouse will not get to hot . the results from the experiment support my decision because in the experiment with a white lid the temperature inside the glass jar was 42 deg c and all the other temperature averages were a higher temperature than 42 deg c .
white if the doghouse was painted white in the summer when it was very hot outside then the dog would be able togo into the doghouse where it would be cool inside . i know this because in the experiment the jar with the white lid had the coolest temperatures . the lighter the color the cooler it will be inside .
light gray i chose light gray because then the doghouse wont be too cold or too warm with light gray . light gray was in the middle of the data . white would of been too cold for the dog but black would of been too hot . the average temperature for white was 42 deg c and the average temperature for black was 53 deg c . light gray was the perfect choice because its average temperature is 45 deg c .
white the best color to paint the doghouse would be white because it attracts the less heat in the trials the temperatures were 42 deg 43 deg 41 deg and 42 deg which makes it the lowest t empty res out of all the colors
white white because you want your dog to be cool enough and according to the lid color vs . air temperature inside glass jar chart white is the coolest .
dark gray i think that the color dark grey will affect the doghouse by making it warmer but not too warm inside than if it was a lighter or darker color . i think that because in the experiment the darkest color black ended up being the warmest at 53 deg dark grey was the second warmest at 48 deg light grey was next at 45 deg and white was least warmest at 42 deg .
white i would paint the doghouse white because that color would keep the doghouse cool . in the experiment the jar with the white lid was an average temperature of 42 deg c and the jar with the black lid had an average temperature of 53 deg c .
white they should make the doghouse with a whiter of because that will keep the inside of the doghouse cool instead of extremely hot . in their experiment the average fora white lid was 42 deg c as opposed to the black lid which had an average of 53 deg c . it would be a lot smarter to keep the inside of the doghouse cool by using white paint so the dog has somewhere to cool off instead of using black paint so it is very hot in the doghouse and the dog will not want to be inside of the doghouse at all .
black if they were to paint the doghouse black then the dog would stay warm . as in the experiment it shows that when they used the black lid the temperature went from 24 deg c to 53 deg c in 10 minutes . and when they used the white lid the temperature went from 24 deg c to 42 deg c in 10 minutes . this showed that the darker the color the greater increase in the air temperature because the darker colors absorb more energy .
light gray light gray should bethe cooler because in the summer it wont be so hot because in the data the average temperature is 45 degrees calcium so its not to hot or to cold .
white in the trails the white lid got the least hot so the doghouse does not get to hot they should paint it white .
black black would change the temperature of the doghouse by making it warmer because black absorbs heat to most . with the black lid the temperature was 53 deg c . with the white lid the temperature was 42 deg c . there was 11 deg c difference .
white i would say white because in the experiment the darker the color the hotter it got . and with white being the lightest color the dog would not get as hot .
black the color black will affect the doghouse in many ways . for example it will be warm in there when its sunny outside . the way that i know this is the temp of the black lid is 54 dirges then 52 dirges then back to 54 dirges so the average temp is 53 dirges but for white the average temp was 42 so as you can see this is how the color of the doghouse affects the temp it will be warm in the doghouse .
black black paint would make the inside of the doghouse the warmest of all the paint colors . in the experiment it shows that with a black lid on a glass jar the air temperature will be 53 deg c on average and with a white lid the air temperature would be 42 deg c on average . this shows that the black lid made the air warmer by 11 deg c and therefore black paint would make the inside of the doghouse the warmest .
white that color might help to keep the air temperature lower since lighter colors dont absorb as much energy as darker colors like black or gray . this was proven in the experiment because the average air temperature for white 42 deg was lower than the average temperature for black and gray 45 deg 53 deg .
white a white doghouse would absorb less energy and its temperature would be cooler . in the experiment the jar with the light white lid had a lower temperature than the jar with the darkest black lid . a doghouse painted white would therefore have a lower temperature and the dog could use it to stay out of the sun and cool in summer .
black the color black would bethe best color for the roof of a doghouse because according to the results from the experiment the air temperature inside is higher compared to other colors .
black black would be good fora doghouse roof because in brandi and jerry trials black heats up the warmest with black at an average of 53 deg and the other three colors only in the forties deg range . so therefore if you have a darker roof the doghouse will be warmer fort he dog .
white the best color to paint the doghouse would be white because in the experiment the white lid didnt get as hot as the black lid . the black lid reached an average of 53 deg c but the white lid only reached 42 deg c . also with a white giant on the doghouse instead of being really hot the doghouse will be very cool
white if they use the white paint for the doghouse then on the inside of the doghouse it wont be as hot as if it were painted black or the two shades of gray . the shades of gray and the black paint caused the jar to at least getup to 45 deg c and at the most the jar got to 53 deg c so brandi and jerry would be best of using the white paint for the doghouse because in the experiment the jar only got to 42 deg c when they used the white lid .
light gray light gray will keep the inside of the doghouse cool but not to cold and will keep it at a medium temperature for the dog . the data shows that the light gray jars average temperature was 45 deg c while the black jar was 53 deg c and the white jar is 42 deg c . so the gray i think is the most comfortable temperature for the dog .
white because it had lowest temp after 10 minutes which is 42 deg c
white the color white is the color that got the lowest air temperature on the lid color vs air temperature inside glass jar so it would keep the doghouse the coolest inside so the dog would be most comfortable .
white the best paint color for the doghouse is white . this is because the color of white reflects heat while the color of black absorbs heat . the dog wouldnt want a hot sweaty doghouse . after 10 minutes of heat from the lamp the inside air in the black colored jar had an average temperature of 53 deg c . but the white colored jar had an average temperature of 42 deg c . the white colored doghouse is the best color for coolness instead of hot moist and sweaty .
black the color black might affect the doghouse by making it warmer than using a lighter color like white because black had an average temp of 53 degrees and the color white had an average temperature of 42 degrees . making the temperature 11 degrees warmer .
white if the doghouse was painted white it would not get as hot on the inside on warm days . the average lowest temperature after 10 minutes alight was 42 deg with the white lid .
white i would choose white because the temperature is cooler the average coming ina 42 deg c and the other ones are hotter like light gray is 45 deg c and dark gray is 48 deg and black at 53 deg . so i would have choose the coolest least hottest one so the dog would not get hot
white the color white will affect the doghouse ina good way . the color white down t absorb as much heat as the other colors do . when they did the experiment the color white only got to 42 deg c while the color black got to 53 deg c . also white turned out to bethe color that absorbed the least heat of only 42 deg c . which means inside the doghouse it will stay nice and cool because it does t absorb as much heat as the other colors do .
white white because the white lid temperature only went up to 42 deg c . the other lid colors got a higher temperature so i chose the one that had the least temperature .
white white would bethe best color choice because in the experiment white was the coolest color of an average of 42 deg c .
white the lighter the color the cooler the dog house will be causing it to be more comfortable . the white lid was an average of 42 deg c 3 deg c color than the other lids
black painting the doghouse black would cause the temperature to increase the most . in the experiment the average air temperature in the glass with the black lid was 53 deg c the glass with the dark gray lid was 48 deg c the glass with the light gray lid was 45 deg c and the glass with the white lid was 42 deg c . this proves that if brandi and jerry wanted their doghouse to be warm they should use black paint . otherwise they should use white paint if they wanted a cooler doghouse .
dark gray it is the second highest and it should keep the doghouse worm without getting to hot
white white would bethe smarter choice because it reflects heat verses absorbing it . according to the data the jar with the white lid stayed the coolest inside . having black roofing tiles would be smart as well because during the day they would absorb heat and then at night when it cools down the doghouse is warm inside . together these two colors would make avery comfortable house .
white i chose the color white for the doghouse . this is because if the darker the color the greater increase in temperature then i would want to choose the lightest color so that the temperature of the inside of the doghouse would be cooler than the colors light gray dark gray and black . this would help the dog stay cooler and not get as hot in the summer . the darker the color the greater increase in temperature is correct because the average temperature of the inside of the jar with the black lid was 53 deg c when the average temperature of the inside of the jar with the white lid was 42 deg c . the white lid jar was 11 deg cooler than the black lid jar .
dark gray i chose this color for the doghouse because since the doghouse will be located outside you dont want the dog to be cold at night all dogs do in the doghouse is sleep anyway . the experiment with different colors of lids proved it did have an effect on the air temperature inside the jar . the darker the lid the higher the temperature because darker colors absorbed more heat . which is why i chose dark gray for the doghouse . so its not too warm for the dog but if the dog gets hot it can always come outside of the doghouse and sleep .
white the color might affect the doghouse by keeping it cool . in the experiment white had the average of 42 deg c as for black had an average of 53 deg c . therefore 42 white is less than 53 black so brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse white .
white white was the lid color with the coolest temperature after 10 minutes painting the doghouse white will keep the inside of the doghouse cooler because white will reflect more of the suns heat than say black paint . in other words the darker the color the more heat it absorbs and transfers to the inside of the doghouse . we want to keep the doghouse as cool as possible so that the dog doesnt overheat .
dark gray i chose dark gray because it will keep warm in side but also it will keep cool when needed so if its hot outside it will be warm but not to hot and if its cold outside it will be cool but also warm as well . i know this because with the dark gray average temperature was 48 deg c which was a greet good median considering the black average was 53 deg c and the white average was 42 deg c .
white the color white would keep the doghouse not as hot inside as the other colors because white had the lowest temperature in the experiment . whit had the lowest temperature average which was 42 deg c . light grays average was 45 deg c . dark grays average was 48 deg c . blacks average was 53 deg c . that shows us that white had the lowest temperature and will keep the doghouse not as hot .
light gray brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse light gray . if the doghouse is painted in light gray the temperature inside the doghouse would not be too hot or too cold . in the result shows that the air temperature with light gray lid is 45 deg c with white its 42 deg c and with dark gray its 48 deg c . temperature with light gray is warmer than white lid but its not too hot like the dark gray ones .
white this color would bethe best to pick to paint the doghouse because white reflects the suns energy and dose not labor sob it like all the dark colors . . . see if you look on the data table it shows that the large temperature for each color was black 53 dark gray 48 light gray 45 white 42 as shown on the averages of the different colors it shows that white doesnt overseer that much of the suns energy and t hats why i think white should be what they choose .
white the color white is the best choice . it will keep the doghouse a cooler texture . this is proven by the data gathered by the trials . according to the data the average air temperature of a black lid on ajar was 53 deg c . when the lid was changed the white the temperature dropped to an average of 42 deg c . this proves that white would be abetter temperature control factor .
black black would effect the doghouse because its a darker color and darker colors absorb heat which would make the dog house warmer inside . in the experiment when brandi and jerry put the black lid on the jar the average temperature was deg c opposed to when they put thee white lid on the average temperature was only 42 deg . in the end black would effect the doghouse by making it much warmer inside the doghouse .
black black paint would warm the inside of the doghouse more than the other colors . in the experiment black heated up an average of 53 deg c while the other colors were never increased more than 48 deg c . if it was cold outside that color would warm the doghouse more because of the low albert and high absorption of energy .
white this color would keep the doghouse colder than the other colors because from the recorded data blacks average temperature was 53 degrees calcium when whites was only 42 degrees cell is
black if you paint the doghouse black the dog house would be a little bit warmer in the winter the only bad part is that in the summer it will be a little hot inside the doghouse . i know this because in the experiment that brandi and jerry did it said that the jar with the black lid was the hottest .
black if they would like the dog to stay warmer they should chose black because on average the black lid had a higher temp nature than the white lid .
dark gray i chose dark gray because this will result in the doghouse being warm but not really hot . it really depends on where the people live and on the season . dark gray 48 deg c would be more suitable because it would be pretty hot during summer but not as hot as the black 53 deg c but it also would be warm during the winter so its a compromise between the weather . the temperature used for explanation was the average .
light gray i think that light gray would bethe best color because it absorbs enough light to make the dog warm without getting it too hot . black would make it too hot and white would make it too cold .
black if you painted the doghouse black the inside would be hot . because according to the experiment the color black would make things hot . the average for the temperature was 53 deg c for black . the average for dark gray was 48 deg c and gray was 45 deg c . also white was 42 deg c . according to this data black would make things hot .
white having this color will effect the doghouse because light color reflect heat so if you paint the house white then there wont as much heat on the walls making the doghouse cooler . this is shown by the fact that in the jar experiment black had the hottest data and white had the coolest .
dark gray i chose dark gray because it would effect the doghouse by not making the inside of it to hot or to cold . the average of the four averages was 47 deg c so i chose the closest one to 47 deg c and dark gray was 48 deg c so that why i chose dark gray .
white white because in the data it say that white had the lowest temperature with a average of 42 deg c . if the they painted it white it would keep the doghouse at a cooler temperature during hot sunny days .
black black would bethe best color to paint the doghouse . one way we know that is when we did the experiment with the lid colors black ended up with an average temperature of 53 degrees calcium while white ended up with 42 degrees calcium . this proves that black absorbs the most heat . if we paint the doghouse black it will absorb much more heat than say a white doghouse .
black the black paint will make the doghouse warmer for the dog because the black lid on the jar absorbed the most heat with the highest average temperature 53 deg c .
black i think black would bethe best paint color because it will make the doghouse warmer when the sun is shining down on the doghouse . the average temperature for the color black was 53 degrees while the white color was only 42 degrees . therefore black is the better color to paint the doghouse .
white the white will affect the temperature inside the doghouse by making it cooler . the white absorbs less heat so it keeps more out of the doghouse allowing the dog to be more com four able .
black the color might affect the doghouse because brandi and jerry said that darker colors absorb more energy heat so a darker colors will make sure the dog is warm .
dark gray i would use dark gray . the darker colors would keep the doghouse warmer . black had an average of 53 deg whereas white had only 42 deg . however we must remember that a dog is a living thing and cannot overheat . dark gray had an average of 48 deg . this is enough to keep the dog warm without overhearing said creature . so in conclusion i ve determined that dark gray is the most logical choice .
white i chose white because white would keep the doghouse the coolest temperature . when they did the experiment the black was the hottest 53 deg c the dark gray was in the middle 48 deg c the light gray was also in the middle 45 deg c and the white was the c coolest 42 deg c .
white it was the coolest with the temp . of 42 deg c . it would be to hot to use black which was 53 deg c . inside the jar .
black i chose the black color because that if the dog likes it hot then this would bethe right because when they see what c color would bethe hottest and the trials number are 54 deg 52 deg 53 deg deg c and the average temp . is 53 deg c if the dog likes it hot in there
white darker colors usually attract more light . by attracting more light it usually makes things much warmer . so if you have the lightest color there is then it would attract less light and make the doghouse cooler . according to the data using a black lid made the jar about 53 degrees the dark gray made it about 48 degrees the light gray made it 45 degrees and the white was about 42 degrees . as you can seethe lightest color had the lowest temperature . so by using the lightest color it would attract less heat so they should use the white paint .
black if they paint the doghouse black their dog will always stay warm because the color black will give the most heat . i know this because the average temperature in their experiment was 53 deg c and the others were in the low forty s .
black i believe that the doghouse should be painted black because it can keep the doghouse warm during the winter . the data shows that the inside of the glass jar was 53 deg c when the black lid was used . using the black lid proved to have the highest temperature in the glass jar . a disadvantage would be that in the summer the doghouse will be too hot but as for the winter the black is the correct choice .
white the lighter the color the lower the temperature . the average temperature of the black lid after just 10 minutes was 53 deg the average temperature for the dark gray lid after 10 minutes was 48 deg the average temperature for the light gray lid after 10 minutes was 45 deg and the average temperature for the white lid after just 10 minutes was 42 deg . therefore alight gray and white paint would be best to keep the doghouse cool because it heats up slower then the other colors . but if you were to use black or dark gray it would keep the doghouse warmer .
white the color of the doghouse should be white because if you choose darker colors then the doghouse will get too hot and your dog will be hot swell . as the study shown the color black had an average of heating up to 53 degrees calcium and had a difference of 11 degrees delicious than white color did . same as the color black dark gray will also be too hot if they painted the doghouse dark gray because the color dark gray had an average of 48 degrees delicious and was 6 degrees hotter than white . also in the study the color light gray got an average of 45 degrees delicious and had a difference of 3 degrees delicious hotter than the color white . the best color that brandi and jerry should paint for their doghouse would have to bethe color white because the color white had a cooler temperature than all the rest of the colors because in the experiment they made the average degrees in delicious for white was 42 degrees delicious and if they paint their doghouse this color the doghouse wouldnt get hot nor your dog .
black blacks paint color would cause the inside of the doghouse to be warmer than the rest of the colors . this is because black absorbs the most amount of f colors over every other color . to prove this in brandi and jerry s experiment black kept the temperature of the jar warmer than all the rest . it was 6 deg c warmer than gray 10 deg c warmer than light gray and 12 deg warmer than white . this clearly shows that black would keep the doghouse warm .
white if brandi and jerry use the color white fort he doghouse the dog will not overheat because the color white does not attract the heat as much as the darker colors so the doghouse would be much cooler .
white white will keep the doghouse at a lower tempe true because in the table it averaged 42 deg . and black averted 53 . 25 deg soto have a cooler doghouse paint it white .
white while using white for the doghouse the dog house would be a lot cooler then the other colors because the data shows that the color white did not get as hot as the other colors did . that way the dog would not be so hot in its house .
black black because in the experiment black was the one that had the highest temperature so the darker the color was the higher the feature was .
white having the doghouse painted white will affect the doghouse by making it absorb less heat causing the doghouse to be cool inside during the summer . because in the experiment the black lids average temperature was 53 deg and the white lids average temperature was 42 deg that s a 11 deg difference . so painting the doghouse white would bethe best decision of paint .
black black absorbs light . just like with the jar lid when it was black it absorbed the most . so if you colored the doghouse black it would increase the temperature inside it .
black they should paint the doghouse black because black will help keep the dog warm at night and during the winter when it gets cold . when they used the black lid it made it warm at an average of 5 3 deg c compared to when they used a white lid that only made it warm at an average of 42 deg c . that a difference of 11 deg c .
white the color white for the color of the doghouse would keep the doghouse nice and cool as shown in the table from the scenario when the glass jar with the white lid had an average temperature of 42 deg compared to the glass jar with the black lids average temperature of 53 deg .
black since black is the darkest color of all the other colors dark gray light gray and white because of the theory that darker colors absorbs more energy heat the inside of the doghouse will be warmer as of the doghouse being painted the other colors . the proof that black would bethe best paint color for the doghouse is because black is the darkest of all the other colors and darker colors absorbs more energy also if you look at the data table for the lid color vs . air temperature inside glass jar experiment the average temperature for all 4 colors was black being the highest with 53 deg c dark gray being 48 deg c light gray being 45 deg c and white being 42 deg c . therefore black would bethe best paint color for the doghouse .
light gray light gray would be best so that it keeps the inside warm but not too hot . in the lamp experiment it was the end coolest color .
white this color will make the air in the doghouse less hot so the dog will be a lot cooler while in the doghouse . i know this because in the experiment the air is hottest with a black lid and coolest with a white one . so if the sun is beating down on the doghouse it will only reach about 42 deg c instead of 45 deg c or higher .
white the shade white will make the doghouse cooler inside because the shade white does not absorb as much light energy as the shade black . i know this because in brandi and jerry s experiment the air temperature inside the jar with the black lid was an average of 53 deg c and the average temperature of the jar with the white lid was 42 deg c . but id like to point out that black and white arent colors theyre shades . get it right .
white it will affect it by making it cooler than what the black would be if it were to be directly hit by the sun . the black lid had an average of 53 deg c and the white lid had an average of 42 deg c therefore the white lid will keep their dog cooler in the sun .
white i believe that if brandi and jerry pain the doghouse white it would stay the coldest for the dog . evidence shows that the darker the color the more hot it gets for example the average temperature for black is 53 deg the average temperature for dark gray is 48 deg the average temperature for light gray is 45 deg . the white color of lid was the lightest of them all and had the smallest temperature 42 deg . i suggest painting the doghouse white .
white the color white would affect the doghouse in many good ways . one way is it wouldnt be so hot in the doghouse and the dog would enjoy being in it . the data table shows the temperature through a three way trial . the average temperature is 42 deg c which is a lot cooler and fresh then the color temperatures .
black i would choose black for my dogs house brno use during the winters the doghouse would need all the heat it could get so i would choose black . black is the best color to choose because in the test it was an average of 11 deg c hotter
black i chose the paint color black because this color would cause the doghouse to be warm all the time . even on a cloudy or rainy day brandi and jerry s doghouse would be warm inside because the black paint would absorb the sunlight that was still radiating from the sun . after 10 minutes of heating the glass jar with the black lid the airs average temperature raised 29 deg c from the starting temperature of 24 deg c to result in an average air temperature after 10 minutes of 5 3 deg c . the glass jar with the white lids average air temperature raised only 18 deg c from the starting temperature of 24 deg c to result in an average air temperature after 10 minutes of 42 deg c . the difference between the two average temperatures for the glass jar with the black lid and the glass jar with the white lid was 10 deg c . this means that the darker the color on an object the more heat energy the color absorbs causing the air temperature within the object to be highest compared to any color lighter than it . therefore brandi and jerry should paint their doghouse black due to the high amount of thermal energy that the color absorbs .
white the white had the lowest temp . in the jar so if you paint the doghouse white then it wouldnt be as warm .
white white would make the doghouse the least temperature . the data showed that the temperature was on average 42 deg c . the doghouse would be a cool environment instead of too hot . the doghouse would be a place for the dog togo when he is too hot .
black if you choose a black color for your dog house the temperature would be warmer than if you used a white color because the air inside the jar with the black lid was warmer than the lighter colors 
white the lighter the color the less air temperature . the white lid color has an average of 42 deg c . the black lid color has an average of 53 deg c . the white lid color has 11 deg c less heat energy than the black lid color . therefore if brandi and jerry are designing a doghouse for the summer then they should use the color white since it ll be cooler . . . vise vera if they are going to build a house made fora colder weather then they should use black since it absorbs more heat than any other color . the darker the color the more heat .
black this color black may effect the inside oft he doghouse by making the inside of the doghouse warmer . i say this because in the experiment with the lid colors the black lid made the inside of the jar warmer than all of the other jars . so id pick the color black if you live ina cold climate because the black color will absorb the the light and make the dog warmer .
white it wont be as hot as the other paints would let heat in it shows that white was cooler than the others in there experiment of lid colors heating up under a lamp
white if brandi and jerry paint the doghouse white than the inside of the doghouse will stay cooler than if they painted it black or gray . the average temperature for white was 42 deg c while the average temperature for black was 53 deg c . the difference of the two was 11 deg c so this proves that white would bethe best color to choose .
white it will keep the doghouse the coolest average e for white was 42 deg c which would keep the dog from overheating .
white if the color is white it will be more cooler than a black doghouse because black doghouses get hotter and faster than white doghouse . if it was white it would stay around 40 deg instead of 44 deg 48 deg and 55 deg .
white if the doghouse is painted white then it will keep the inside of the doghouse colder . in the experiment black paint made the air temperature inside the jar have an average of 53 deg c and the white paint had an average air temperature inside the jar of 42 deg c .
dark gray the color will keep the doghouse warm but not to warm . the reason i know this is because in the exit lament hot lamp the dark gray lid allowed the temperature to rise an average of 48 degrees . which was warmer than the 45 and 42 degree average of the light gray and white but cooler than the average of the black lid which was 53 deg c
white the lighter the color the cooler the dog will be . when the lid color was at its darkest black the average temperature was 53 degrees calcium . when the lid color was at its lightest white the average temperature was 42 degrees calcium . if brandi and jerry want to keep their dog cool they should use white paint .
black the darker a color is the more heat it takes in with the doghouse painted black it will absorb more heat rather than if it was painted white which reflects heat . in the experiment when the glass jar had the black lid the temperature was 11 deg higher than when the jar had the white lid this proves that darker colors absorb more heat and that brighter colors reflect more heat .
white the paint color that would be best for the doghouse is white . white is the best color to use because it would keep the inside of the doghouse cool during the day so that way the dog inside of the doghouse doesnt get overheated . i know that white would keep the inside of the doghouse at the lowest temperature because of what the data table shows which is that the color whites average temperature from being under the lamp for ten minutes was 42 deg c which was the lowest average temperature while the color blacks average temperature was 53 deg c which was the highest temperature which would cause the doghouse to get extremely hot during the day and that would be bad for the dog . so that is why white would bethe best paint color for the doghouse .
dark gray i think that if you choose a color to dark then it might make the dog really hot so i would choose dark gray because it wont very hot or very cold . dark gray has trials that are 48 deg c which is hot . however it is not as hot as the color of black with the highest temperature of 54 deg and its also not as cold as the color of white with the lowest temperature of 41 deg . so dark gray would be a good color fora doghouse .
white if they were to paint the doghouse then they would want to use white because that is the one with the less temps true average temperature was 42 deg c for white unlike the black were that is the hottest one there is average temperature was 53 deg c . if they want cool for the doghouse then use the white .
white because white does not absorb as much heat as black the doghouse will be cooler . the white lid reached an average temperature of 42 degrees c as suppose to 53 for the black one .
white in the experiment the white lid kept the temperature in the glass the coolest . so if brandi and jerry paint the doghouse white till keep the inside cool for the dog .
black the black color might effect the doghouse by increasing the temperature of the house . in the experiment the average temperature for the black was 53 degrees calcium . for the lowest color white it was 42 degrees calcium . this means that the black was 11 calcium warmer than the white and proves that the black colored doghouse would warm up the house .
white the white color will keep the doghouse cool and not hot . i know this because from the data the white lid was the coldest and the darker the lid was the hotter the inside of the jar was .
white the white will absorbed less heat and the doghouse will be cooler or less hot . in the experiment black which was the darkest had an average of degrees calcium and the white the lightest color had an average heat of 42 degrees celsius
light gray light gray would keep the inside of the doghouse from becoming to hot and it would still be abetter color than white for cold nights . this is true because the average temperature for the black lid was 53 deg c the average temperature for the dark gray lid was 48 deg c the average temperature for the light gray lid was 45 deg c and the average temperature for the white lid was 42 deg c
white if you were to build a doghouse you wouldnt want it to get to hot so i would choose white . the average was 42 deg c since it was the coolest of the jars i think it would be best for the doghouse .
white the color white in the experiment showed that it had the lowest air temperature . this color would affect the inside of the doghouse by making it more cooler so that the dog wouldnt be so hot in the doghouse .
white the white will keep the dog cooler in the summer and it is ok for the winter too . the black the dog would overheat because the average is 53 deg c but the white is 42 deg c which is ok for the winter and the summer .
white white would be a good color because on sunny days when the house is being shined on the white will make it cooler rather then black dark gray or light gray . white will be cooler because in the hot lamp experiment they tested results for all the 4 colors above . and the average temperature for white was 42 deg c light gray was 45 deg c dark gray was 48 deg c and black was 53 deg c . that shows that white was the coldest color while being shined on by light . therefore white would bethe best color to choose for the doghouse .
black brandi and jerry should paint the doghouse black if they want the dog to stay warm because black absorbed the most heat at an average of 53 . 25
white the white color will decrease the temperature in the doghouse because the average temperature for color black was 53 degrees . and the average temperature for the color white was 42 degrees . and thus the doghouse will be cooler
light gray light gray will affect the doghouse by keeping it a neutral temperature so it doesnt get too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter . in the investigation light gray was the word hottest so it was one of the middle colors so it would stay neutral .
white if the doghouse is painted white the air temperature will be lower than light gray dark gray or black . the white lid jar had an average temperature of 42 deg c . the light gray lid had ana average temperature of 45 deg c . the dark gray lid had an average temperature of 48 deg c . and the black lid had an average temperature of 53 deg c . therefore white will help make the inside of the doghouse cooler .
white if the color is a dark color then the temperature will increase more than if the color is a lighter shade . white was the color that affected the temperature the least in the experiment and that would bethe best color for the doghouses temperature .
white it will bethe coolest one at 42 deg c and dogs have fur to keep them warm so you want a cool doghouse
white i chose white because from the results of the experiment white had the lowest average temperature of 42 deg c which means that the inside of the doghouse would be cooler for the dog if the sun is shining on it all day .
light gray this color might affect the doghouse because in the summer when its really hot the light grey will not get too hot and the house is cooler and not as stuffy for the dog to sleep in versus the black it would be immensely humid and stuffy in there . also the light grey is good for the dogs welling because during the wintertime the temperature will be really cold but it would be dark enough to keep warm . so in conclusion light grey is the best because it keeps cool in the summer and it keeps warm in the winter . some evidence is that in the experiment the average for the light grey was 45 deg c and the average for the black was 53 deg c . the light gray kept cool while the black did not . so during the summer the dog would die of heatstroke if they had a black house . if they had alight grey house they would have a nice cool house to lounge in over the summer and it is a good way to keep warm during the winter as well black is more of a winter color to keep warm during the winter .
white the color white would be a good color fora doghouse because it heats up the air in it the least . in the experiment the color white only heated up the air in the jar to an average of 42 deg c compared to the color black which heated up the air in the jar to an average of 53 deg c .
dark gray it will be warm inside the doghouse but not too warm . the black lid made the air in the the jar very warm . it thought it might be too hot for the dog .
dark gray i chose dark gray because black is the darkest color and from the previous experiment it showed that darker colors absorb more heat . as for white is would get the least amount of heat . main reason i chose dark gray was because from my experience dogs tend to be c old so it will be warm but not too hot .
white white would bethe best color fora doghouse because it would not absorb as much energy as the other colors and therefore a white doghouse would not be as hot inside as black or gray one . the results from the experiment showed that the air in the jar with a black lid was 11 degrees c hotter than the jar with a white lid and the same would apply to a doghouse .
black brandi and jerry should paint their doghouse black . he will be warm inside the black doghouse because the average temperature of the black lid was 53 deg c . in the jar with the white lid the average temperature was 42 deg c . it will be 11 deg c warmer in the black doghouse than the white one . that is the case because black attracts more sunlight and white repels sunlight .
dark gray brandi and jerry should paint their doghouse dark gray because dark gray doesnt ge to hot and isnt to cold . in the summer than the doghouse will not get to warm yet it will not get to cold in the winter because it does attract some sunlight to keep it at an average of 48 deg c . that way their dog can always enjoy its doghouse no matter what the temperature is outside .
dark gray the darker the color the warmer it is inside . and if it was black it would be to hot and white or light gray would get to cold .
white white would be best because it reflects more energy the table shows that the average temp . after three trials for the white lid was 42 degrees calcium which is 11 degrees cooler than the highest average 52 degrees calcium or the black lid .
white the white paint is the best because it wont get as hot as the other colors will because the highest temp was 43 deg c and the lowest was 41 deg c so white is the best because it stays the coldest
white if you wanted the doghouse to be cooler then i would pick a white lid because the white lid was an average of 11 deg c cooler then the black dark grey or light grey
light gray the color of the doghouse might affect the inside of the doghouse by the temperature inside . as shown in the data table of the experiment the data shows that the average temperature is 45 deg c which when compared to other temperatures it shows that it is not lowest or the highest its in the middle .
white i think that white would bethe best color to paint the doghouse because it is the color that reflects the most light so it would keep the dog nice and cool during the summer . this experiment shows that the white lid had the lesser temperature inside of the jar so it is the best color .
black i pick black because black is a dark color and and darker colors attract energy like heat . so that way the inside oft he doghouse will be worm . like for the black lid all the results were 54 and all the other colors were 10 deg and less .
white the color white absorbed the least heat out of all the colors so the doghouse would not get overheated inside and stay cool justin case there was a hot summer day
dark gray this color would keep the temperature just right . it wouldnt be too hot or to too cold . the average deg c was 48 deg c the lowest average was 42 deg c and the highest average was 53 deg c .
light gray i pick light gray because after 3 trials of 24 deg c for 10 minutes it had an average of 45 which means that the temperature remained not to hot and not to cold .
white white will keep the doghouse cool on a hot summer day more than a darker color such as black . white was on average 11 deg c cooler than black .
light gray the best paint color to paint a doghouse based on the results is light gray . i said light gray because it was average 45 deg c . it is not too hot and not too cold . if you painted the dog house light gray it would keep the dog warm but not too warm . the black lid was average 53 deg c . it got hotter because the color was darker . the dark gray was average 48 deg c . it was warm but not as warm as the black because the color was not as dark . the light gray was average 45 deg c . it got cooler because the lid color was lighter . the white lid averaged 4 2 deg c because it was the lightest and dark colors absorb more heat .
white white might affect the doghouse because it will not absorb as much heat as any of the other colors do . black absorbed an average of 53 and white was only 42 .
white this color might effect the doghouse because white had the lowest temperature from all the colors . in average 42 deg c . also it will keep the doghouse cool in the summer so the dog doesnt get too warm in the summer .
light gray the color light grey will not absorb too much heat in the summer to keep the dog cool but will retain some heat in the winter to keep the dog warm . in the experiment the color light grey had a temperature that was 21 deg higher than the starting temperature of 24 deg but did not increase too much like the dark grey and black which rose 24 deg and 30 deg from the original temperature of 24 deg .
white white would bethe best color because it had the lowest air temperature with 42 deg c . this would keep the inside of the doghouse air temperature cooler on hot days than a darker color would .
black black was the highest temperature when under the lamp so if brandi and jerry wanted a warm doghouse they would choose black because black had an average of 53 deg c instead of other averages like 48 deg c 45 deg c and 42 deg c
dark gray the dark gray color is fine begun its not to dark and its not too bright . dark gary had a 48 deg c aug and the darkest is black which had a 53 deg c aug also the brightest which is white had a 42 deg c aug
white white is the best color to paint the doghouse because based on the experiment dark colors absurd heat and light colors dont . the hottest air temperature in the jar experiment 53 deg c was from the jar with the black lid and the jar with the coolest air temperature 42 deg c was from the jar with the white lid proving that light colors dont absorb heat and dark colors do .
white painting the doghouse white would ensure that the dog doesnt get too hot while its inside . white would keep the inside of the doghouse cooler than any other color . i know this because in the experiment the average temperature for the white lidded jar was less than any other colored lid .
white by painting the doghouse white it would make the inside of the doghouse cooler . this is proven because in each trial white had the lowest temperature . for example in the experiment whites average temperate was 42 deg compared to blacks average which was 53 deg a huge difference
white i chose white because white reflects the suns energy so it would stay cooler in the doghouse . the data that brandi and jerry got show that white kept the temperature about 11 deg c cooler than the black lid
light gray i think that light gray will look nice on the outside of the doghouse and it will keep the dog very nice and cool because on the data it shows that light gray was the second coolest colored lid .
white the color white will affect the inside of the doghouse because in the lid vs . air temperature inside glass jar table it shows that the color white doesnt heat up as much as the other colors . the color white reflects the light making it stay cool which is what you want fora doghouse .
white they might use white because it doesnt get hot as fast as the other colors do . in the data table it shows that the first trail was 42 deg c the second trial was 43 deg c the third was 41 deg c and the fourth was 42 deg c . for all the other colors the trials got higher than 43 deg c therefore the white would be best fora doghouse because it doesnt get as hot .
white the color white would bethe best to paint the doghouse because it will be kept cooler than black which the average was 53 degree calcium dark gray which the average was 48 degree calcium high gray which the average was 45 degrees calcium and the whites average was 42 degree celsius . black absorbs the most heat while white reflects .
white this color would make the doghouse 11 deg c cooler than than if it was a black color . so the dog wouldnt be hot all the time and have a cool temperature in the house . in brandy and jerry s experiment the white lid was the coldest and they said dark colors absorb more heat so white would bean appropriate color .
light gray this color might bring the inside of the doghouse to a comfortable temperature . according to the results of the experiment the colors were in this order from the highest to lowest temperature black dark gray light gray white . dogs do not normally enjoy hot stuffy environment . they pant uncontrollably when they are overheated and get very uncomfortable . this light gray color will allow the dog not to get uncomfortably overheated but will also not allow him her to reach an uncomfortably cool body temperature as white was resulted in the coldest temperature according to the experiment results .
black black will keep the inside of the doghouse the warmest because it will absorb the most heat . in the lab black had an average of 53 deg c and white had an average of 42 deg c .
black black because the black had the highest number the whole experiment and it stayed the warmest out of all of the other c color
white coloring the doghouse white will give an effect by not making it hot like other colors . in the experiment they found out that the white lid had the lowest temperature of 42 deg . the black lid was 53 deg the dark gray was 48 deg and lastly the light gray was 45 deg . therefore we can conclude that the white attracts the least sunlight which will affect the temperature of the inside less .
white white because it kept the inside of the jar the coolest so the dog wouldnt get to hot in the summer . the inside oft he b jar with the black lid had an average of 53 deg c and the jar with the white lid only had an average of 42 deg c
white the color white will ensure that the temperature inside the doghouse will stay much cooler than the colors black dark gray and light gray because lighter colors dont absorb as much heat energy as darker colors do . for example the inside of the jar with the black colored lid had an average temperature of 53 deg c while the inside temperature of ajar with a white lid had an average temperature of only 42 deg c . the inside of the jar with the white lid was 11 deg c less than the jar did with the black lid .
black having a black doghouse might affect the inside of a doghouse because it would keep it warmer inside because darker colors such as black absorb heat better . in brandi and jerry s experiment the average temperature for the black lid jar was 53 deg c 5 deg c more than the next warmest one dark gray .
black if they paint the doghouse black the conditions in the house would be hot because the jar was the hottest when they put the black lid on the jar . so that shows that black absorbs more energy than any other color .
dark gray the darker the color of the doghouse the hotter it will be so in the summer you dont want it to be black and in the winter you dont want it to be white . so i picked dark gray because in the winter it will still attract sunlight to keep it warm but in the summer it wont attract as much as the black would
dark gray i would choose dark gray because in the summer it may become warm for the dog so black would be too hot . in the winter black would bethe best because it is a color that attracts more energy so it would increase the temperature inside . so for an all around the year comfortable paint i would choose dark gray because its the median between them both .
light gray dark grey would affect the temperature in the doghouse by making it so that the doghouse was neither too hot or too cold . the results of the experiment show that the air inside of the jar with the white lid had a average temperature of about 42 deg c . in the winter if the doghouse was painted white it would get to cold because the experiment shows that white does not retain heat well . black was the color that retained the most heat in the experiment with an average temperature of 53 deg c . however even though according to the experiment the doghouse would be warm in the winter if the doghouse was painted black it would be too hot in the summer for the dog to remain cool . the experiment shows that the air inside of the jar with the light grey lid was warmer than the jar with the white lid but only by 3 deg c therefore the doghouse should be painted dark grey because in the experiment the jar with the dark grey lid is 5 deg c cooler than the jar with the black lid . the dark grey would allow the doghouse to remain cool in the summer but remain warm in the winter .
black black will absorb more heat therefore keeping the dog warm throughout the year . the average temperature inside the jar with a black lid was 53 degrees calcium while all the other colors had an average of 48 degrees celsius or lower .
dark gray dark gray would heat up the air fora dog to a comfortable temperature and not make it to hot like the black lid or make it to cold like the light lid
black the color black will keep the doghouse warm in the winter . the color black absorbs heat better than the other colors . the experiment results show that black is better because in trial temperature was 54 deg c and the coldest for black was 52 deg c . the least warmest was the color white . the highest temperature was 43 deg c . the lowest was 41 deg c . i chose black because it will keep the dog the warmest in the cold winter . white would not be as warm as black is .
white the white paint would make the inside of the doghouse coolest because according to the experiment the average of each color are black 53 dark gray 48 light gray 45 and white 42 .
white white would make a good color fora doghouse because its a rather remains at a rather cool temperature not too hot for the poor dogs as seen on lid color vs . air temperature for each lid color table where it shows the average of the white lids temperature was 42 deg c
white the darker colors absorb more energy so if you picked black then the temperature would increase in the air for example in the experiment the temperature went to 54 deg . and for the white lid it only went up to 41 deg that why painting the doghouse white is better choice because it wont get so hot in the doghouse .
white a white colored doghouse will make the air temperature warmer in warm temperature but the light color will not make the temperature go up a lot . with the black lid color the temperature of the air inside the jar was an average of 53 deg after ten minutes . the white jar was and average of 42 deg after ten minutes . since both jars started at 24 deg the temperature of the black jar increased 29 deg while the temperature of the white only increased 18 deg . the darker the color of something the more heat the object absorbs . that means that the white doghouse will bethe coolest doghouse even though that doghouse will warm up as well .
white the doghouse would have a cooler temperature than one painted in gray or black because the average temperature inside a white doghouse was 42 deg while the average temperatures of the black dark gray and light gray doghouses were 53 deg 48 deg and 45 deg respectively .
white white had the lowest temperature so the doghouse wont get extremely hot .
white the white paint would bethe best choice fora color of a doghouse because after 10 minutes of having a white lid the air temperature inside the jar was the lowest . it seemed that the lighter the color the lower average temperature the air inside the jar was after 10 minutes . this would bethe best color fora doghouse because if you would like to keep your dog cooler in the summertime having a white painted doghouse would stay much cooler on the inside that if there was a black paint instead .
white painting the doghouse white will raise the temperature only slightly while painting the doghouse a darker color will raise the temperature significantly . in the lid color vs . air temperature inside glass jar data table the temperature inside the jar with the white lid raised an average of 18 deg c from the starting temperature after 10 minutes . the temperature inside the jar with the black colored lid raised an average of 29 deg c from the starting temperature after 10 minutes . if brandi and jerry wanted the temperature in the doghouse to be cool then they would paint the doghouse white . if they wanted the temperature to be warm they would paint the doghouse black . i would paint the doghouse white .
white the color white might affect the doghouse by being cooler inside than the darker colors because white ob sores less heat than dark colors . that why in brandi and jerry slid experiment white lid was the coolest of the darker colors .
white i choose white because white is the lightest color and it absorb the least heat so inside the doghouse will be more c color . i know this because in the investigation it said white had 42 deg c which is the lowest while the black had 54 deg c which is the highest .
white the lighter color would help keep the doghouse cooler inside . for example the jar with the white colored lid was cooler 42 deg than the black lid 53 deg
white white paint would defiantly bethe coolest temperature for the dog because after the 10 minutes . under the light it was the coldest with an average of two 11 degrees colder than the hottest paint color of black the average of the black paints air was 53 .
dark gray the color dark gray would affect the doghouse because it would stay at a pretty warm temperature . this way the doghouse would be around 48 deg . the doghouse would not be too hot 53 degas it would be with the color black but the doghouse would not be too cold 42 degas it would be with the color white .
black if you use black paint then it will take in more heat because dark colors absorb more energy like they found out in the lab hot lamp the black was at least 5 deg c hotter then all the other colors .
white it will make it so the air inside of the doghouse will be cooler so the dog doesnt get to hot . i know this because the data shows the average temperature for white was 42 deg c .
black this color would make the doghouse warmer because in the experiment the darker the color the warmer it will be inside .
light gray light gray is the best color for the dog house because it doesnt make the doghouse too hot but it also doesnt make the doghouse too cold . the black had an average temperature of 53 deg c which is too hot fora dog in the summer . it needs to beat a relaxing temperature which is 45 deg c for the light gray . if i were to choose the white it would be too cold for the poor dog to be in . the light gray color would make it so that the dog could be very comfortable in his little house .
black the black paint because it will absorb more light energy causing the inside of the doghouse to be warmer keeping the dog warm at night . the average temperature for the black lid was 53 deg while the white was 42 deg . the black paint had the highest temperature out of all colors and was 11 deg higher than the white paint .
black clack absorbs more heat energy so it would make the doghouse a warmer place for the dog . the average temperature for the black lid was on average about 8 deg c more than the other colored lids . that is why black would be a good choice to paint the doghouse with .
black if the color of the doghouse was black then it would make the inside of the doghouse warmer inside . in the experiment it was 53 deg c on average in the jar when the lid was black and only 42 deg c on average when the lid of the jar was white .
dark gray i chose the dark gray paint color because it would keep the dog warmer in the winter than the white or light gray paint but cooler in the summer than the black paint would . the experiment supports this because the dark grey paint in the experiment made the inside temperature an average of 48 deg c while the highest average data the black paint was a temperature of 53 deg c too hot and the lowest average data the white paint was 42 deg c too cold for the dog .
light gray light gray would bethe best paint color fora doghouse . light gray had an average temp of 45 degrees which wouldnt be too cold or too warm fora dog . a white doghouse was 42 degrees which might make the dog cold and black and dark gray would make the dog too warm . dark grays average was 48 and blacks average was 53 much too warm . therefore light gray would bethe best color .
white i would pick white paint to paint the dog house because according to the experiment white was the color that the inside of the jar would be less hot . according to brandi and jerry s data the white lid had a temperature 42 deg c inside the jar and the black lid was 53 deg c and i dont want my dog to be to hot or suffice in the dog house .
black we can see from this experiment that darker colors absorb more heat . knowing this information for the dog to be more warm and comfortable inside his doghouse brandi and jerry should paint the house black .
white assuming that the location of the doghouse has a warm climate the white paint color will be more likely to keep the temperature of the air inside the doghouse at a cooler or lower temperature . this can be said because the white paint color on average made the air inside the glass jar a temperature of 42 deg c compared to 53 deg c for black paint 48 deg c for dark gray paint and 45 deg c for light gray paint . it is vital that the doghouse maintains a low temperature so that the dog that stays inside the doghouse doesnt overheat .
white they should use white paint because when the sun comes out the doghouse wont get as much heat absorbed . as shown in the table the darker lid they used the hotter the air became and white is the lightest color used and it had the lowest temperature .
dark gray the color will effect the doghouse by keeping it the same temperature which would be cool in the summer and warm in the winter because the trials show that the dark grey paint made the jar the same temperature for all 3 trials which the average temperature was 48 deg c .
dark gray i think the best color for the doghouse is d ark gray because its not the hottest color or the coldest which will help the dog stay cool but also warm . it showed that in each trial the tempe true was 48 deg c for the dark gray color which mean that the term aperture will stay medium for most the time . also dark gray takes in more heat then white by 6 deg c average .
white it will keep it cooler due to the fact that white doesnt absorb as much heat as dark gray light gray and black . also because blacks average in deg c was 53 dark grays average was 48 . light grays average was 45 and white average is 42 . leaving that white will leave the doghouse cooler .
black black would bean ideal color to pain the doghouse because of the insulation if provides within . out of all the colors of white dark gray light gray black and white black had the highest temperature within the glass jar with and average of 53 deg c while the lowest temperature was with the color of white with an average of 42 deg c . thus choosing black should make the doghouse warmer because black seemed to have a high temperature than any other . however you must also consider where the doghouse is being placed . if the doghouse should be placed outdoors black would bethe ideal color to keep the dog warm during cold winters . if placed indoors the color may not matter because indoors is usually warm .
white white would bethe best color because it will be more cooler in the doghouse then any of the colors above . in the data table with black paint the average was 53 deg c . the white paint the average was 42 deg c . so that shows that if you go for light colors it will reduce the heat inside but if you do want it really hot then go for the dark colors .
white this color effects the doghouse because it makes it cooler according to the hot lamp experiment . in there experiment the white lid was the coolest .
white the best color to paint the top of the doghouse would be white . in the experiment on average the black lid absorbed 5 3 deg c dark gray 48 deg c light gray 45 deg c white 42 deg c . the black lid absorbed 11 deg more heat than the white lid . by painting the top of the doghouse white it decreases the amount of heat getting traced within the doghouse .
light gray in there experiment they found out that the darker the color the more heat it absorbs so they should use alight grey for the doghouse because it doesnt absorb a lot of heat and it will stay nice and cool inside but it will let absorb some heat but it will be just the right temperature .
white based on the data white had the lowest temperature average of 42 while others have an average of 45 48 and 53 . it all depends on the dog you are getting if its fur is dark better to get light colors so it can be cooler .
white white has less heat absorption . if the sun is out and it is hot the doghouse will still be cool inside . white has at temperature in the low 40 s for sitting under a lamp for 10 minutes . light gray has temperatures in the mid 40 s . dark gray is high 40 s . and black is low to mid 50 s .
white white would affect the doghouse because according to the results of the experiment trial 1 says that using black made the temperature inside 54 deg dark gray made it 48 deg light gray made it 44 deg and white made it 42 deg . they should choose white because it would keep the doghouse the coolest that way the dog doesnt overheat .
white the white lid had the lowest temperature and the black lid had the highest temperature so they would use white so when the temperature outside is hot the inside of the doghouse wont get hot because the white paint will deflect the heat .
white white because the data showed the temperatures of each of the lids and from the data table it shows that black 53degr eyes was the highest and white degrees was the lowest . so if they want a to paint the doghouse they should paint it white do to the temps true of the doghouse wont be to hot for the dog to be in .
black the air temperature inside will be warm and cozy . black is the warmest in the investigation for the lamp and color of the lid it got an average of 53 deg c . the lightest color white got an average of 42 deg c .
black black would keep the doghouse warmer during cold winters because it holds more heat than the white or the grays . the average for the black was 53 deg c and the white was 42 deg c . that means the black holds about 11 degrees more of heat .
white the color white would affect the doghouse by keeping it cooler than any other of the colors . i know this because in the experiment the white colored lid had a change of temperature of only 1 8 degrees when the black lid had a change of temperature of 29 .
white if the doghouse was white the inside would be cooler because in the data of the experiment the average temperature of white is 42 deg c and blacks average is 53 deg c
white that color will keep it cooler and not as hot in the summertime . i know this because in the experiment the black lid had an average of 53 and white had an average of 42 so that more than a 10 deg c difference .
dark gray if brandi and jerry used the color dark gray for their doghouse that would bethe best color because it would keep the doghouse warm and cool depending on the seasons . the color dark gray in the jar experiment had an average of 48 deg c . that makes the temperature of the doghouse in general not to hot and not to cool based on the jar experiment .
white white will make the doghouse cooler than ada rer color such as black because in the data table it shows that the average temperature inside the jar with a white lid was 42 deg c and inside the black lid it was 53 deg c that is 11 deg c warmer .
black if he chose black the doghouse will get more hot air because in the story the black color gets more heat because its darker
white it would make it cooler in there for the dog because white and light colors assimilate less energy and heat then darker colors . for example the average for the black lid was 53 deg c but the average for the white lid was only 42 deg c . which is a lot less . so i think brandi and jerry should go with painting their doghouse white .
white a white doghouse will absorb heat the worst so it will be cooler inside . i know this because in the experiment the black lid got to bethe hottest at 54 deg c well white was the coolest at 42 deg c . white was also cooler then dark gray at 48 deg c and light gray at 44 deg c . so white would bethe coolest for the doghouse .
white brandi and jerry predicted that the darker the lid color the greater the increase in air temperature in the glass jar because darker colors absorb more energy . their hypothesis was correct . this is because the average temperature inside the glass jar with the black lid after three ten minute trials was 53 degrees but the average temperature inside the glass jar with the white lid after three ten minute trials was 42 degrees . because black was the darkest color of the lid it a bored the most heat so the air temperature was highest and vice versa for the white lid . thus because we dont want the doghouse to be overheated the best color to paint it would be white because white would absorb the least heat .
black the color black will affect the doghouse by making it a warmer environment for the dog . plus if it is a cold winter the doghouse will help to keep the dog warmer . the data table shows that using the black lid color the air temperature was clearly around 12 deg higher then the white lid about 10 deg higher in temperature than the light gray lid and about 6 deg higher in temperature than the dark gray lid each trial . the average temperature was 53 deg c for the black lid the average temperature for the dark gray lid was 48 deg c the average temperature for the light gray lid was 45 deg c and the average temperature for the white lid was 42 deg c . it shows the black lid absorbs more heat to keep the doghouse warmer .
white the best paint color for the doghouse would be white . inside of the doghouse the air will be cooler for the dog than if it were painted black or gray . the average temperature for the black lid was 53 deg c but for the white lid it was 42 deg c . the white lid made the air 11 deg cooler than the black lid .
light gray if you paint the doghouse black then the inside will always very hot . then when the sun is shining on it just like in the lab it says the the darker the color . the greater the increase in air inside the doghouse . so i would not choose black to bethe color for the doghouse . i would pick light grey because it is dark but at the same time it is alight color . when the sun is shining or giving heat to the doghouse it will be warm but cool at the same time because it is alight color and alight color does not observe as much heat .
white the white doghouse will not make the dog as hot inside because white is avery bright color but black is a dark color so it will get hotter . in the experiment when the black cap was on the t temperature was hotter than having the whitecap on .
light gray i choose light gray because light gray isnt too light and is not too dark . light gray will cause the doghouse to be at a comfortable temperature . if it was white it would be too cold and if it was black then it would be too hot . in the experiment light gray had an average temperature of 45 deg c while white had 42 deg c and black had 53 deg c .
white white would bethe best color fora doghouse because it absorbs the least amount of heat . in summer you wouldnt want the doghouse to be overheated . the white color had an average of 42 deg c while the black color was 53 deg c this is a difference of 11 deg c between the two colors .
white i think that white would be a good color because in brandi and jerry s experiment white gave a cooler temperature than the others so the doghouse could be colder than warmer .
light gray this color would affect the doghouse by being dark enough to let heat in during cold seasons and being light enough to keep heat out during the summer and on other hot days . on average the heat inside the jar with alight gray 45 deg c was cooler than that of black 53 deg c and dark gray 48 deg c
white white could be a color for the doghouse . it wouldnt make the inside of the doghouse too hot because of how light the color is . also in the experiment white had the lowest temperature out of all four c color . 42 deg c 43 deg c 41 deg c and 42 deg c . whereas the other colors black dark gray and light gray all had higher temperatures . the temperatures vary from the highest temperature which was 54 deg c the color black . to the lowest temperature 41 deg c for the color white .
black the color black is going to make the doghouse more warm because darker colors absorb more energy .
white the color white might affect the doghouse because the dog wont get too hot in the summer because the weather is warmer in the summer and white is the coolest color out of the four . white was only 42 degrees and black was 53 degrees .
light gray choosing the light gray for the color of the doghouse would be a good color . it wouldnt be to hot or to cold for the dog . during the experiment the black lid produced avery hot temperature of 53 deg c . the white lid created a temperature of 42 deg c . choosing the light gray color would be a good medium .
white white might affect the inside of the dog house because it went up only 20 degrees from the starting temperature . i think white is the best paint color to use because it had the lowest temperatures and it doesnt absorb a lot of energy .
white white would make the doghouse less hot . the data table shows that the white paint kept the jar cooler than the other paint in trial 1 2 and 3 .
white the color white wouldnt absorb as much energy as the darker colors so the doghouse wouldnt become too warm . with a black lid the jar was an average temperature was 53 deg c after 10 minutes . with the white lid the temperature was an average of 42 deg c . this shows that the lighter the color the less heat you will have trampled inside the doghouse . something to warm would not be suitable fora dog and therefore making white the right color .
light gray i think light gray will bethe best for the dog because in the summer it will not too warm hot and winter not too cold . since the data prove that the darker the object the more it will absorb the energy which gain or lose heat based the color . and since the average data of light gray is about in the middle which was 45 deg c .
white a white color would keep it cooler because according to the data white has the lowest average temperature of 42 degrees calcium while black has the highest average temperature of 53 degrees calcium .
white if you use white paint color to paint a dog house it would bethe best choice to keep the dog cool during a hot day . in the experiment out of the 4 tested lid colors white held out to beth e one with the lowest temperature .
black the more dark the doghouse is the hotter it will be in the doghouse so if it was black it would be hot in it like in the experiment when the kid was black it was 53 degrees c and when the lid was white it was 42 degrees
white the color of the doghouse should be white because that way in the summer it wont be to hot for the dog . as shown in the data white is the coolest . the average fora black lid is 53 deg c . the dark gray lid is 48 deg c the light gray lid is 45 deg c and the white lid is 42 deg c . therefore the white is the coolest and it wont get that hot for the dog .
dark gray dark gray would be a good color because it wouldn t be too cold nor to hot . in the experiment the dark gray jar was in the middle of temperatures not being the coldest like the white or the warmest like black but somewhat in the middle with an average temp of 48 deg c
white the color white had the lowest temp at the end of the ex pavement so that means it will be cooler inside the doghouse then it would be with other colors
white white would be better for the doghouse because it doesnt absorb that much energy like black and dark gray did . white only absorbed an average of 42 deg c where black absorbed an average of 53 deg c .
dark gray dark gray would bethe best color for the doghouse as it isnt too warm nor too cold . darker colors attract more heat than light so dark gray wouldnt be too hot or cold . in an air temperature experiment four colors were measured black dark gray light gray and white . the data measured black as 53 deg c dark gray as 48 deg c light gray 45 deg and white 42 deg c . dark gray as you see isnt too warm neither too cold making it the best color for the doghouse .
white using white paint would make the doghouse colder than if they used black paint . as was shown by the table the average temperature of the jar with a black lid was 53 deg c while the average temperature of the jar with a white lid was 42 deg c . the jar with the black lid was 11 deg c warmer than the jar with the white lid . thus using white paint would also make the doghouse colder than using black paint and brandi and jerry should use white paint .
white the black was 9 deg c warmer then the white colored paint . the black paint would make the doghouse to warm for the dog . the white paint would be better because it would keep the doghouse cooler in the summer .
white painting the doghouse white will keep the inside cooler then the black paint job by 11 deg c . the average temperature for the black lid jar air was 53 deg c whereas the average temperature for the white lid jar air was an average of 42 deg c .
white white you bethe best color for brandi and jerry s doghouse because according to their experiment white absorbs less energy than darker colors . therefore brandi and jerry s dog would be able to stay cool in warm weather .
light gray alight gray paint on the doghouse might provide some heat in the winter while not making it too hot in the summer . that is shown by the data in the 20 deg c increase in temp . dark gray or black would overheat the doghouse during the summer because of the average increases of 24 deg c for dark gray and 29 deg c for black . a white paint would not provide much heat during the winter shown by the meager 18 deg c increase . however on the other hand this experiment isn t closely applicable . the doghouse would not likely be made of glass and sealed off from outside air circulation . also the sunburns many different gases providing a fuller spectrum of light than the lamp in addition to being brighter . the doghouse would also likely have a thicker roof made of wood and shingles . a note you could have interchangeable roofs on the doghouse one of each color and circulate them during the year with white in the summer and black in the winter and the other two scattered between .
light gray it will affect the doghouse by keeping it some what cool in the summer because the light gray glass jar absorbed ana average of 45 deg celsius while the black glass jar absorbed an average 5 3 deg celsius making an 8 deg celsius difference between the two .
black the color black will be more warmer inside than any other colors above thus brandi and jerry should paint th dog house black . according to the results from the experiment the color black had the highest average air temperature of 53 . the darker the color the warmer the air temperature was in the glass jar because darker colors absorb more energy .
black the black paint might make the doghouse absorb more heat making the doghouse warmer . i think this is how the paint will affect the doghouse because in the experiment results the black paint retained the most heat in the glass jar .
light gray light gray would be a little cool in temp amur e as the black or dark gray one would get to hot and the white one would get a little cold .
white the white paint color would be cooler because on a sunny hot day the dog might be really hot so the dog would just go in his doghouse . the white paint doesnt attract as much sun heat . the for the inside of the doghouse would be allot cooler than being in the sun . the experiment tells it all the white after only 10 minutes got up to 40 deg c as the other colors went up to 45 48 and 53 . the dog would much appreciate a cooler place to rest . coming to a solution the white paint would bethe best to use fora doghouse .
black white would keep the doghouse the coldest around 40 . if the doghouse was white it would be in the low forties . if the doghouse was light grey it would be in the mid forties . if the doghouse was dark grey it would be high forties . if the doghouse was black it would be in the low fifties . white would reflect the light and not heat up the doghouse as much as any other color .
light gray painting the doghouse light gray would keep the doghouse cool in the summer but warmer in the winter . i know this because the data tells you that the lighter the color of the glass jar the c color the inside of the jar is and the darker the lid is the higher the t temperature while be in the glass jar
