pandas in china only eat bamboo and koalas in australia eat exclusively eucalyptus leaves . they are both restricted to one food while pythons eat a variety of foods potentially harming native species .
panda s are similar to koala s by they are both specialist species . they only survive in certain conditions . they are not able to adapt very well and can only eat and live in certain climates . they are both different form pythons by they are not reptiles . also a python is a generalist specie and can easily adapt to change . they eat a variety of foods and accept change .
a panda from china and a koala from australia are very similar because they are both specialists . panda s only eat bamboo and koalas exclusively eat eucalyptus leaves . this shows that they are unable to adopt unlike a python whose habitat in asia is similar to those in about a third of the continental united states .
a panda and a koala beer are similar because they both eat one type of food . a panda eats bamboo and a koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves . they are also both specialists but a python is a generalist . meaning they can adapt to their surroundings . pandas and koala beers can t adapt .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist species . they both require specific resources and climate to survive . these limits them to only their natural habitats . this makes pandas and koalas much different than pythons . pythons are generalists and can survive in many different places . that is why pythons are being found naturally in florida but not koalas or pandas .
a panda beer is similar koala to a koala bear because they both only eat one food for the most part . pandas eat bamboo while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . but a python is a more diverse and invasive animal . i eats a broader range of things from smaller reptile to amphibians .
pandas and koalas are similar to each other because they both only eat one type of food while pythons try to eat anything that moves and fit in their mouth . this means that the koalas and pandas are much more likely to go about alike because of their food sources than the pythons .
koala s and panda s are both specialists which means that their is only food that is essential to their diets and can t be found much of anywhere else . while a python is a generalists and can survive in other places because it s food source is not limited .
well in china a specialist is a panda who eats almost nothing but bamboo and the australian koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves all the time . they re both different form pythons because pythons can eat anything and can almost survive anywhere . a python swallowed an alligator . . . they ll eat anything but the panda and the koala stick with what they know which is the bamboo and the eucalyptus leaves .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . another similarity between the two is that they both feed to one specific plant . pandas and koalas are different than pythons because a python is a generalist . also a python has more than one food source that is not plant or vegetation .
china s panda are similar to australia koalas because they both have a strict diet and are picky papers . they are both different from pythons because a python will eat a lot more different food . like the time when a python swallowed a n alligator and exploded in the everglades in .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialist . a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they both rely on specific food sources that are found only in certain areas . this differs from the pythons who can thrive in many different environments and have a more varied diet .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they can only survive in very special climates with specific food sources . these are different from pythons because pythons can adapt better and eat many different things . this is shown in the map provided with the article because it shows pythons could survive in states .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they both are specialists . so they have to stay in specific habitats to survive . pythons are generalists they can move anywhere and adapt to their surroundings to survive . in the article it says that the pandas mostly eat bamboo and koalas mostly eat eucalyptus leaves .
pandas and koalas are both alike because they are specialists . they both consume a primary food . for example pandas diets are mainly made up of bamboo koalas diets mainly consist of eucalyptus leaves . they differ from pythons because they can only live in places where their primary food source is present .
the pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because both species live in only one area around the world . also both just eat one type off food like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves . but both pandas and koalas are different than the python because a python can eat many foods and live in different areas around the world .
pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists . for example bamboo is to pandas as eucalyptus leaves is to koalas . these two species are different from snakes since a snake is a generalist species . snakes are generalists because they can adapt to many different locations where as pandas are stuck on china and koalas are in australia .
both pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they they are specialist . this means that they would not be able to survive anywhere else because the certain food sources they need are only inhaled in china and australia . a python a generalist is different because it can live anywhere on earth as long as it has a climate that is suitable .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both require special native food . pandas eat bamboo which is predominantly found in china . the koala which lives in australia only eats eucalyptus leaves . they are similar because they are both specialist animals . they are both different from pythons because whereas the python can survive in the south of of the u . s the panda and koala need to continue to live where they live now .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar for they are both specialists species meaning that they are stable creatures who live the same lifestyle . for example they eat only bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively . they both are different from the python because the python is a generalist species . that means that it is able to adapt to changes . it can eat a variety of things it can change .
koalas and pandas are both similar in each other because they both require exclusive and specific habitats to survive . for instance the australian koala s diet consist strictly of eucalyptus leaves as well as the chinese panda bear which survives off bamboo . these two in compare to the pythons which can survive in any environment that is warm .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are specialists meaning they require one certain food and environment to survive . pythons are generalists who aren t very specific in what they eat . this means that they can adapt very easily to new environments whereas specialists cannot .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists and depend on certain foods that they can t survive without . they are both different from pythons because a python is a generalist and can live anywhere and change can benefit it but specialists need stability .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar in that their food sources bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively exists only in certain areas of the world and so those animals exist only where those food sources are . they are specialists and are favored by stability . they are different from a python in the the python can eat a variety of food sources around the world so it can exist in many different places .
pandas in china can basically only live in china because they only really eat bamboo and can only survive in china . koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves and can only survive in australia where there are eucalyptus trees . pythons can eat practically anything and live in a variety of different areas a uses map showed a potential python habitat nothing from allah to delaware this shows that pythons can live almost anywhere .
koalas and pandas alike are specialist they both rely on one food so once . for example pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . both species are different then cobras because they are specialists and cobras are generalist so they can survive on multiple types of food .
panda s in china and koalas in australia differ from pythons in that pythons are generalist whereas koalas and pandas are specialists this means that pythons can thrive in multiple habitats which differs from the pandas and koala s that need specifics such as bamboo for pandas to survive .
pandas and koalas live in one specific area china or australia limited by its habits . each animal eats almost nothing but bamboo or . . . eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . a python however adapts and changes giving it many options for survival such as asia or its now usa home .
pandas and koalas are similar because they only eat certain foods . a specialist is china s panda which . . . eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . a chen bach . pandas and koalas cant survive without those section finds but a python can eat basically anything . a python can survive anywhere as long as there is food however pandas and koalas need bamboo and eucalyptus leaves to survive making their native ares in certain places unlike pythons who can be seen anywhere .
pandas are both similar because on the article it talks about them being specialist and how they solely survive on one food sources . panda has bamboo while koalas has eucalyptus . they are both different from pythons because a python is a generalist and can live in different warm environments and as the article said rat mice alligator and anything in between .
the pandas in china are similar to the koalas in australia because they only eat one thing in specific the pandas only eats bamboo s the koala eats eucalyptus this makes them different from the python because the pythons can eat almost anything . for example they can eat mice rats reptiles birds and so on .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . pandas eat mostly only bamboo and koalas eat mostly only eucalyptus leaves . both species would not respond well to change unlike pythons which are generalists . pythons can respond well to change and can be seen in multiple locations .
pandas in china as well as koalas in australia are specialists who have an incredibly slim range of food . they therefore have trouble adapting . pythons on the other hand are generalists and can easily adapt to foreign places as they have in florida and other places in the u . s .
the similarity between panda bears from china and koala bears from australia is the two species eat mainly one or a few things . panda s eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus tree leaves . these animals differ from pythons because this harmful animal will eat anything that is meat and can survive with the changes in its own diet .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both eat food that grows in their area . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons can adopt to a new environment more quickly then the pandas or koala can . pythons often do best around humans where as pandas and koalas do not .
according to the article panda s in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both are specialist . however they differ from a python because pythons can live anywhere meaning they can adapt to different environments . as the the pandas and koalas they cannot survive without certain sources .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialists because what favors specialists is stability paragraph . the eat one thing exclusively . pythons however are generalists . they can eat a variety of things and there for can live in many places . generalists like pythons adapt better than specialists like pandas and koalas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas because they are both specialist meaning they live in specific places due to the one specific thing they eat . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live almost anywhere .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . they both only eat one type of food each . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . these animals are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists which can adapt to eating the native species unlike the panda or koala
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both eat almost nothing but thing m for pandas bamboo koalas eucalyptus leaves so if they moved to a different environment they couldnt adapt survive . they differ from pythons because pythons could adapt and eat anything .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia . both of these animals however are different from pythons . pandas that live in china eat almost nothing but bamboo . koalas in australia eat almost exclusively eucalyptus leaves . pythons eat a variety of food and can live in the u . s from cali to delaware in the southern half . pandas and koalas are specialists because they eat and adapt very well to other environments . pythons are specialists because they can adapt .
pandas in china are more likely to survive in china because their main food source bamboo is found in china . this is similar to the australian koala bear who according to the article eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . the python is different from both of these animals because the python can inhabit a climate similar to those found in asia and be able to survive and repopulate .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because of their classification as a specialist species . the article sides that these animals are specialists because they eat almost exclusively are species . what a python is however is a generalist . the article claims that generalists not only eat in wide range of food but they also can live in various areas and adapt very quickly to change . pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are specialists and that s why they are different from pythons .
pandas and koalas only have one type of food they can eat . while the python will eat almost anything which means it can survive almost any where unlike the panda that need bamboo to eat or koalas which need eucalyptus leaves . these foods don t grow every where .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar in that they re both specialist species . both are specific on food source and climate and would have trouble adapting anywhere else but there native habitat unlike generalists . a generalist is a raccoon a python cockroach white tailed dear . . . . they can live anywhere from florida to antarctica . . paragraph .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia in that they are both specialist species meaning they need very specific conditions climate and habitat to flourish . as the text says pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . on the other hand pythons are classified as a generalist species able to live in a wider range of habitats and live off of a wider range of food sources whether in asia of the u . s . the main difference here is ability to survive in our quickly changing world the generalists python hold a huge advantage over the specialists panda and koala .
pandas and koalas are similar because they both eat plants for most of their life . they are also similar because they are both specialist that live in warm areas . the two are different from pythons because a python is a generalist which depends on other animals to survive such as a raccoons .
pandas bears in china and koalas bears in australia are a like because they only eat on thing . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . also they both only eat plants pythons different because the eat a lot of different things like alligator .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialist . they both very little and they don t eat meat . in the article it says that pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . a python is different from this because they are generalist . pythons will eat anything if they need to and in the article it says that they can live almost anywhere .
pandas from china and koalas from australia are very similar because they are both specialists and they limit their food in take to one source . as stated in the article the chinese panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the australian koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . because of this they are limited to specific regions which is different from the python which eats everything from rat to alligators .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both are specialist which means that they favor stability . you can see that both those animals are not use to change because they both stick to the same food source pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . panda s an koalas are different from pythons . pythons are generalist . generalist favor change unlike pandas are koalas pythons can adapt to various climates .
chinese pandas and australian koalas almost exclusively eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively while pythons are only restricted to warm weather places with no food restrictions . as stated in paragraph pythons are generalists . as stated in p . koalas and pandas are specialists .
the panda in china and the koala from australia are both considered specialists . this is because in order to survive they need a stable environment . the panda eats only bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves . this differs from the python which is a generalist . the python doesn t need only one thing to live off of because it is able to adapt .
just like koala bears in australia panda bears are specialists this means they can easily adapt to only a certain type of environment and they eat mostly one type of food . china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively pg . these animals are both different from pythons because pythons eat a variety of foods and can live in many types of environments . thus pythons are generalists not specialists .
china s panda and australia s koala bear are both called specialists in the article one man s pet another s invasive species by joel achenbach . they both have limited diets mainly eating food for the panda it s bamboo and for the koala it s eucalyptus leaves . these animals differ from the python because it is called a generalist and the python is carnivorous and can eat anything .
pandas and koalas are similar in that they are both specialists . in the text it says a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats almost eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pandas and koalas have a limited area they can live . pythons on the other hand are generalists and can adapt to change easily . the main difference between specialists and generalists is that one can adapt and one cannot .
pandas and koalas are similar because the article says that are specialist since they basically only eat one type of food and would probably not be able to survive in other habitats . pythons on the other hand can be considered generalist since the article says that they have adapted to the everglades environment so they can basically live anywhere that warm enough so they are different than pandas koalas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both animals eat almost same type of food and a only plants . according to the article china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . also pandas koalas are different from pythons because pythons are carnivores . according to the article a python swallowed an alligator pandas and koalas eat plants and they eat mostly one type of plant but pythons eat animals .
pandas in china and koalas in australia depend on mostly one type of food source . pandas eat nothing but bamboo the koalas mostly eat eucalyptus leaves . therefore if they were to be placed somewhere else in another area it would be hard for them to survive . pythons on the other hand that are moved from their native area will try and consume any animal to survive like the python in everglades region that was found swallowing an alligator .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they both ca only live there due to the en very met . pandas eat bamboo which is very a bundle in china and koala s eat eucalyptus leaves which are very abundant in australia . that is any for f them live here . now a python aren t live off one food so it can live anywhere and spread .
chinese pandas and australian koala bears are similar because they are specialists . according to the article they each eat almost exclusively one type of plant and can survive where those plants grow . pythons are different because they are generalists and can survive in many different areas because they have a wide variety of food sources .
pandas in china are similar to koala bears because they eat exclusively the panda with bamboo the koala with eucalyptus leaves . this is different from pythons because they tend to eat anything . on page it mentions that a python swallowed an alligator whole .
pandas and koalas are different from pythons because they are specialists . pandas almost exclusively eat bamboo while koalas almost exclusively eats eucalyptus leaves . this means that these animals are really only able to live in certain areas while the generalist python can feed on countless foods and can deal with a fairly large range of temperatures .
pandas and koalas are similar in how they eat panda eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pythons are different because they will eat almost anything to stay alive . they are informing for endangered species in the florida bays .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because both are specialists . they wouldn t be able to live any place else in the world because of the type of food they eat bamboo and eucalyptus leaves both animals differ from a python because pythons are generalists and can live in many places .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they both like to eat certain food . china s panda and australia s koala are different from a python because pythons eat other animals . for example a python swallowed an alligator
in the article it says that china s panda eat almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are similar because they both only eat a very small range of foods they are specialists . the pythons is a generalist . it is different because it eats a huge range of animals basically whatever is there and only needs the right climate not the same food everywhere .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they adapt the same and they both eat mainly one meal . a panda eats bamboo and th koala eats eucalyptus leaves . they re both different from pythons because pythons tend to eat various things such as rats and in that one case an alligator . the also move they habit and often .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists which means that they have to have a certain food source and habitat . this differ from pythons because they are generalists and can eat anything and adapt almost everywhere .
pandas in china are very similar to koalas in australia . both are specialists meaning that they can only eat survive in certain climate and region . a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . the python however is the opposite of a specialist and falls under the category of generalist meaning the can adapt to changes .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . both have particular eating conditions because they both stick to eating only one type of food . pythons are different to pandas and koalas because they are generalists and can live in a wider range of places successfully .
panda s in china and koala s in australia are similar because they are both specialists . also a panda eats nothing but bamboo and a koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they each only eat one plant . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and they are not quite as picky they eat multiple things and other animals .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both species eat only one plant almost exclusively . pandas eat almost only bamboo and koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves so they are both specialists . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live in many places unlike the specialist pandas and koala bears .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both eat one type of food all the time . in the text it says a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from pythons because a python will eat any thing it could eat . in the text it says a python swallowed an alligator and there s not a delicate way to put it exploded .
pandas and koalas are similar because the both stick to one source of food and they live in one area . they are different from a python because pythons can live in a bunch of different climates and they eat different foods .
according to the article pandas in china are alike to koalas in australia because there food source can be found in only one part of the world so they live in that part only unless in captivity . there specialist while pythons are generalist meaning they can survive in many different parts of the world not just one place .
pandas and koalas are both specialists . they survive on thing thing pandas bamboo koalas leaves . while a python is a generalist who has multiple food sources and can live in many places . paragraph is a good example a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo .
pandas are similar to koalas because both these species greatly rely on their habitat for survival . like the article stated these animals survive due t o a single food source which is only abundant where they live . this is unlike the pythons who can move due with what they have for example pythons in the everglades have been known to eat species that only live there like the key lore wood rat and once in a while even an alligator .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are specialists and only eat one food . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists . the python can live almost anywhere and eat a variety of things . pandas can only eat nothing but bamboo and koalas can only eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively .
pandas and koala bears are similar because they both seem to eat one thing only which is for example bamboo and for koalas eucalyptus leaves . also they are both specialists . they are different from pythons because a python is a generalist and it can eat a variety of animals .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists animals . there are not a lot of them and they both only eat one thing . pandas eat bamboo while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . both of these animals are different from pythons because pythons are abundant and will eat anything that they can get their ranks into . they are generalists .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . a specialist is an animal that can t adapt well to new climates . a panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves all year . these animals need a certain environment to get their certain food while a python is a generalist who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere .
china panda s and koala bears are specialist because panda s eat almost nothing but bamboo australia koala bears eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves . however pythons is a generalist and can eat just about anything anywhere unlike china panda s and australia koala bears .
the article tells us that pandas and koalas are similar because they are both considered specialists . this means there is only one place they can live well . pythons however are known as generalists because as we can see from the article and the map showing the potential range they just need a habitat similar to that of their vision homeland .
pandas in china are similar to koalas . both of these species can only eat basically one thing bamboo in a pandas case and eucalyptus in a koalas case . both species are specialists and cannot adapt all too well unlike pythons which are generalists and can adapt easier .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both considered specialists compared to the pythons who is a generalist . the article says that specialists prefer stability the panda and koala both feed almost entirely off a single food while generalists are more suited to change . a snake is able to adapt better than a koala or panda bear .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are different from pythons because they need specific things to survive . the pandas eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala bear only eats eucalyptus leaves . this means that these animals are very exclusive . but a python can adapt almost where the climate is right . for example it can even adapt herein the u . s . the difference is that a python is a generalist and koalas and pandas are specialists .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist . they both usually only eat one kind of food bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koalas . if these animals were taken from their food source chances are they would die . this is not like pythons however pythons when given a mild to warm climate to live in will adapt to the in surrounding and food would not a factor as long as there are animals in their environment pythons will have food . however pythons for the moment are not suitable fro colder climates .
as stated in the story koalas and pandas are specialist species . or species that can only live in one area because their main source of food can only be found there . they differ from pythons because pythons could live in a range of areas and still be able to hunt for food .
the pandas and the koala bear are alike because they aren t eating people or other animals . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves they are also alike because they are specialist . pandas and koalas are different from pythons because a python is a generalist and pythons are viewed as a threat to society they are dangerous and eat other animals and possibly humans .
pandas and koalas are similar to panda the because the are exclusive to their habitats . pandas only live in china because of the bamboo and koalas line in australia because they only eat the eucalyptus leaves . both are different from pythons because pythons can adapted to different environment and food . an example would be how the pythons were introduced to florida .
panda s and koalas are surprisingly similar species . this is because they re specialist . they are limited to a particular region of the world because of their diet . while pythons are different because they re generalist they can exist in a variety of environments because they can adapt . what favors generalists is change . what favors specialists is stability achenbach . in conclusion pandas and koalas differ from pythons .
pandas in china are similar to koala in australia because they both only eat food type of food in their natural habitat . they are both different from pythons because pythons just need to have the right climate to survive and they will adapt to the different food . for example pandas only eat bamboo but a python will eat anything .
pandas in china and koalas bears in australia are similar in that they are both specialist species . this means they are restricted to limited environments and only eat one type of food . as a result these animals are less capable of adapting . a python however is much more flexible . it is a generalist species better suited for survival . it is different also because it can live in different climates and eats different things .
according to the article panda s and koala s have a very simple diet . in paragraph the author explains that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala bears only eat eucalyptus leaves . they are different from the python because pythons eat an assessment of different animals . paragraph said it ate an alligator .
the similarity between pandas in china and koalas in australia is that they are a specialists they for example only eat a certain type of food . while generalists adapt and can eat multiple types of food . both of these animals are different to pythons is because they can not live without bamboo or eucalyptus leaves while pythons can eat anything .
pandas and koalas are both specialists . their food source is only found in their home place so adapting to other places would be extremely hard . pythons on the other hand can adapt to anywhere because they can eat a lot of different things they have been adapting to the u . s .
pandas in china eat only bamboo and koalas feed exclusively on eucalyptus trees in australia . both are specialists because they can only survive on one type of food . pythons are generalists in contrast because they can adapt to different food sources depending on their environment . the panda and koala are specialists while the pythons are generalists .
the pandas in china and the koalas in australia are both similar . the pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koalas eat nothing but eucalyptus leaves . they are similar because of the fact that they both eat only one type of food . they are different from a python because a python eats a lot of things . one python was caught eating an alligator and a key largo wood rat .
both pandas and koalas are extreme specialists . the panda can only eat bamboo and the koala can only eat eucalyptus leaves . this means that they can not live in a lot of places . this is different from a python . a python is a generalist . there fore it can survive in a variety of places . it has several food sources such as the key largo wild rat or even alligators . pythons can live in many places but koala and panda have special needs .
both pandas and koalas eat only one thing . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . pythons would probably eat any animal that it sees . an example from the article is in the everglades in a python swallowed an alligator
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists but both are different from pythons because they are generalists . pandas and koalas rely exclusively on only one food source to survive . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus . pythons can survive in region that have climate conditions similar than those of their homeland .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both are considered a specialist species meaning they are only found in one area and eat rarely anything else but one thing . they are different from the python because it is a generalist species one that can be found in a variety of places and eats many different things .
pandas and koalas are both two specialists species . the panda constantly eats bamboo mainly found in china and koala s foods mainly consist of eucalyptus leaves . therefore these two animals can only survive in these regions that fulfill they re eating habits . these two animals are different from pythons because based on the article pythons are capable of adjusting to their environments like they did after hurricane andrew destroyed their homes .
a panda in china is similar to a koala in australia because they are both specialists . a panda eats nothing but bamboo and an australian koala only eats eucalyptus leaves . neither of them could survive where their food isn t supplied . they both differ from pythons because a python is a generalist who can live in at least one third of the united states . a python doesn t just have to live in one location .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar in that they are specialist species . as it says in the article pandas eat almost exclusively bamboo and live only in china and koalas eat almost exclusively eucalyptus leaves and live only in australia . these are both different from pythons generalist species because pythons eat from different foods and can live in many different places or climate with a certain range of conditions .
pandas from china and koala from australia are very similar in the sense that they are both specialist . these animals earns stability in life they live of basics that surround them . however they are very different from pythons because pythons are generalists they favor change . pythons can live where ever the climate is right and quickly adapt to it . if you took a panda or koala out of it natural habitat they would most likely die . on the other hand a python would prosper and build off life from there .
pandas are similar to koala because specialist . they mainly eat one food that keeps them alive . in if they were moved then they would most likely die . they are both different than a python because a python is a generalist . it can live in many different regions . in paragraph it says that they have ability to inhabitant in the u . s .
pandas in china are panda s in australia are similar because they are both specialists . pythons are different because they are generalists unlike the specialists and things that and abundant to their locations . the bamboo and eucalyptus generalists can eat anything mostly . this means specialists have to stay in their natural habitat while generalists can move around and live anywhere .
pandas and koalas are both similar because they can only survive in certain areas . as the author says china s panda which eats mostly but bamboo . koala which eats eucalyptus both species are different from the python though because they can t easily adapt . the python can adapt and eat almost anything while the panda and koala can only eat one type of food .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they re both specialists . the two species only feed on particular foods found in their region and would not be able to adapt to different places . both pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and therefore able to survive in many different places and climates .
as stated in the article a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively the python on the other hand is generalist it eats anything and lives almost anywhere koala s and pandas do not .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because their both specialist and they both stick to one main food . pandas rely on bamboo and koalas rely on eucalyptus leaves . they are riff from pythons because pythons are all over the world while pandas and koalas are in one place also because a python is a snake and a generalists while pandas and koalas are not .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both only eat septic foods . as the article said pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala bears eat almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves . they are different from pythons because unlike pythons mostly are restricted to live in one area but to their diet .
both china s panda and australia s koala bear are both specialists . what favors specialist is stability . both animals live almost exclusively on a single food source bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively . they are both different than pythons because pythons are generalists what generalists favor is change . both the panda and koala bear eat an almost exclusive food source while pythons can eat a great variety from crocodiles to the key large wood rat .
pandas and koalas are similar because they re both specialist species they only eat a certain type of food in a specific area but pythons are generalist species and can adapt themselves to eat anything .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they both only eat a specific food . pythons however eat a wide variety as foods including alligators . pythons are also generalists which are more abundant compared to the pandas koalas .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist . they both only eat one food which is mainly found in their homelands so it would be hard for them food just anywhere else but pythons the articles says they are a different story . as long as the climate is right they can adjust and find food .
pandas and koalas are similar because they do not favor change a basically eat one food a day . they differ from the python because it can deal with change and eat almost any animals such as the crocodile . the python also differs because it can live anywhere throughout the world as long as the climate is right when pandas and koalas need it to be similar to what their used too .
they are similar because they are specialist that eat only one thing each panda eats bamboo and koala who eats eucalyptus leaves . therefore they can only live in that one area that have these plants . unlike snakes who are generalists that can live almost anywhere in the world since they do not require such specific conditions .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialists species . both only have one exclusively food source panda eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . however pythons are generalists because they adapt and eat almost anything and can live almost anywhere .
pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists . they have a very special diet panda bamboo and koala eucalyptus leaves so they couldn t be able to adapt elsewhere . they are very different to pythons which are generalists . they can adapt to many surroundings and foods . pythons will eat many things while pandas and koalas eat only one type of things .
pandas in china eat bamboo almost exclusively while koalas eat only eucalyptus . they are both considered specialists who need to eat limited foods or live in a unique environment . pythons on the other hand can live in a wide range of places like a third of the us alone .
pandas in china are like koalas in australia because they are both considered specialists as they cannot naturally live anywhere else in the world aside from china or australia respectively due to their specific diets of nothing but bamboo and eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . these two animals differ from pythons because pythons have proved to be generalists as they were brought in the u . s from asia and were still able to survive on their own despite the new habitat .
the pandas of china and the koalas of australia are similar because they are both categorized as a specialist species in this case both types of animals eats only one type of food which means they can only live in places where that food is available . on the other end of the spectrum if the pythons which is a generalist species they can eat many different things and survive in different places which means that pythons are more capable of spreading than pandas and koalas are .
pandas and koalas are a like because they only eat a certain type of food and a familiar to one region . pythons however eat what can fit into their mouth and are spread over several different regions and are coming to spread endangered the southern u . s . a .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists . as the article said they eat only one kind of food and live in only one place . this makes them different from pythons which have proven themselves to be generalists which were originally from asia . however once introduced here they can survive and thrive in the southern u . s .
a panda from china is similar to a koala because they both really on one food source . in the article it mentions that panda s only eat bamboo and a koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively so they are different from pythons because they can only survive in certain areas because their diet consist of one food source while the python being a generalist can adapt to multiple environments because its diet varies .
pandas and koala bears are similar because they are both specialists . this means they must inhabit a specific area for its specific resources and climate . for example a panda eats mostly bamboo and a koala bear will eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . unlike these animals that require particular circumstances to survive the python is a generalist . this means it can thrive in a variety of climates and resources .
from the story it says . china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . these two animals are different from pythons because they eat leaves all the time and pythons only eat meat . pythons can not adapt to any environment because of the climate and how they eat . a panda and koala can because they only eat leaves .
china s panda and australia s koala bear both only eat plants . the pandas eat bamboo and the koala bear eats only eucalyptus leaves . unlike these two animals a python will eat anything it can fit it s mouth around or at least attempt to . a python will eat anything from a key largo wood rat to a common house pet . in the everglades in a very rare case a python attempted to eat a alligator and exploded . pythons are a danger to other species unlike pandas and koala bears who only eat plants .
a panda and koala are specialists because they both only eat one thing . which eats almost nothing but bamboo . . . eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively the can t survive off anything else but a python can eat a large variety of foods and survive in many different locations it is a generalist .
pandas in china stick with one type of food bamboo . the koala in australia sticks with one type of food too eucalyptus leaves . a python on the other hand is not picky . in fact there is a picture that is mentioned in this article a python swallowed an alligator .
both pandas and koalas are defined as specialist species while pythons are defined as general species . what makes them different is their ability to adapt . the ultimate generalist is arguably a human being who with the assistance of technology can live anywhere . achenbach the author included the fact to help the reader understand genera and specialist species . the panda and koala are similar because they only eat a certain thing and and the only in one habitat while the pythons lives mostly anywhere .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . they both require certain foods found in their specific area that is hard to find in other places . these two furry animals differ from pythons not only in appearance . pythons are generalist meaning they van pretty much survive anywhere where there is a warm climate and they do not need one specific food to survive like specialist do .
both pandas and koalas are specialist species . according to the articles they each have specific diets . pandas mostly eat just bamboo and koalas generally only eat eucalyptus leaves . in contrast pythons are of a generalist species since they have a much more varied diet and climate tolerance . as a result pythons and other generalist species thrive in this day and age .
both pandas and koalas are alike because they will only eat certain foods . pandas will only eat bamboo and koalas will only eat eucalyptus leaves this makes both animals specialists . they differ from pythons because pythons unlike pandas or koalas will eat anything even a alligator .
china s pandas are similar to australia s koalas because they are both different than pythons because first pythons are generalists . pandas basically only eat bamboo and koalas can eat only eucalyptus leaves . pythons and other generalists can eat about anything .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists species . as said in the article they are exclusive in what they eat . they are both different from pythons because a python can eat many different things which the pandas almost only eat bamboo and the koalas eat almost only eucalyptus leaves .
koalas and pandas are similar because they are both specialists . according to the article specialists are better with stability . the koala and panda eat the same food always and live in the same habitat constantly while a python a generalist can change and adapt even when man kind has chosen to make earth a rapidly changing place .
pandas and koalas are similar in that they are both specialists and require very specific food sources like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves achenbach . they are both different from pythons in that pythons have a universal and adaptable diet unlike the panda and koala who diet limit its movement it can adopt and live many places . it is a generalist .
pandas and koalas are similar animals although a python is completely different . both pandas and koalas are specialist animals this means they have to live in a certain climate and eat certain foods to survive . they differ from pythons because pythons because pythons are generalist animals which means it has a more general food source . overall koalas and pandas differ from pythons .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are able to survive on a one type of food . as stated in the article that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bears that eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . both of the bears are different from pythons because pythons eat animals that could be endangered while koalas and pandas eat only leaves .
a panda is similar to a koala because it only eats one thing bamboo . however a koala eats eucalyptus leaves . this differs from a python which has a broader diet which is why it can survive in more places . i can also tell that a python can eat different things because swallowed an alligator . also the article states you could probably have pythons snacking up the pities river .
pandas and koalas are specialist . they do not cope well with because they eat only one type of food . pythons are generalists . they can adapt to many different areas of the world because they eat many different types of food .
pandas and koalas are both examples of specialists . they require a specific lifestyle such as a diet or environment . specialists favor stability . on the other hand a python is a generalist who can adapt to different conditions . they don t mind changes as much as a panda or koala would . also pythons are considered to be an invasive species by some .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they mostly eat only one food . a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from a python because a python will eat anything which is a generalist .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists can only eat one type of food . according to the article chinese pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and australian koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . this means they can only survive in environments with that certain food . on the other hand the article says that pythons are generalists and can therefore adapt to almost any environment .
pandas in china as well as australian koalas differ from pythons because they are both specialists and the python is a generalist . generalists have a much easier time surviving because they are able to adapt much easier . the chinese panda . . . eats almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear . . . eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . these animals adapt like the python can and there more have more rise for survival .
pandas are similar to koalas because both are because both are exclusive to their own habitats and both animals have strict did . they are different from pythons because pythons live in many places and they eat a large variety of food . an example of this was when the python ate the alligator .
both koalas in australia and pandas in china are similar because they are specialists they can only survive with specific organisms and environment . macinnes said what favors specialists is stability implying that they are only suited to specific things pandas eat nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus almost exclusively . the burmese python living in the wild is now found in the u . s .
pandas and koalas are specialists as they only eat bamboo and eucalyptus respectively . they are both very adorable compared to the pythons . pythons are generalists as they can adapt to most environments . they can find food almost anywhere they inhabit .
australian koalas and chinese pandas seem a world apart . but in their defining characteristics they are very similar . a koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively and the panda eats almost nothing but bamboo . both species are specialists they have adapted to certain conditions have hard time with change . by contrast the python is a generalist . it can live in a huge range of areas snack on everything from wood rats to alligator though the latter sometimes make them explode . change as goes on now favors the generalist .
both pandas and koalas are specialists . they need to live in a certain place to survive . a panda is a specialist because it eats almost nothing but bamboo so it has to live where bamboo grow . the same thing goes for koalas and eucalyptus . pythons on the other hand are generalist because they can adapt to a variety of places and are able to move around .
as the article states in paragraph pandas and koalas are both specialists pg . pythons are the opposite generalists . a specialist biologically speaking is an organism that has a set food source that they hardly hardly stray from . generalists like pythons and arguably human beings pg are organisms that have a variety in their diet . these organisms can adapt overtime to change what they eat . specialists however will not .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists meaning they can only survive with very specific conditions and what favors specialist is stability . pandas are specialists because they pretty much only eat bamboo which grows in china likewise the koala bear only eats eucalyptus leaves which are is australia . pythons are different because they are generalist meaning they can survive different conditions .
pandas and koalas are specialist species because they survive aft at a single food source limiting there habitat to were that groups . pythons on the other hand are a generalist species and can survive in many different areas from many different food sources .
the pandas in china and the koala s in australia both are specialists because of the limited diet they have unlike the python who will attempt to eat almost anything . for example when it said that the python ate an alligator . most animals have a routine diet .
pandas and koalas are specialist species . they both eat one particular thing . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves without these food source these two animals will not be able to survive . koalas and pandas are different from pythons because pythons are generalist species . they eat anything from large animals to small birds other reptiles etc . they can survive anywhere .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialists . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . these animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists pythons are able to adapt to new environments such as those of southern usa . specialists however unlike generalists cant adapt to new environments because they rely on something only in their environments .
panda s in china and koalas in australia are similar in that they can only adapt in specific places where their food is . according to the article pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eats eucalyptus leaves white lizards and reptiles can live in s wide variety of places where their climate is . they can eat a wide variety of food . this separates pandas and koalas to be specialist and reptiles to be generalists .
china s panda eat nothing but simple bamboo as australia s koalas bears eats eucalyptus leaves . they both eat a certain thing and stick to it . unlike the python it will eat anything in it s area an example could be the crocodile . they get along best with humans than pythons .
pandas and koalas are similar because they both eat the same food and live in the same place each day venturing away would be likely death they stay in one area . they are both different from pythons because pythons can live in many different places and their diet is widespread .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because pandas eat almost nothing except bamboo and the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from pythons because a python will eat pretty much anything big or small live or dead as long as they have something to eat they re pleased koalas and pandas don t have a wide variety of food like the python .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both species are considered specialists . pandas eat almost only bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . both species have very specific needs fro survival unlike generalists . generalists such as the python are able to live in a broader range of environments and adapt well to change .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because their both specialists animals . the panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves . these animals are different from the python because the python is a generalist animal . arguably this animal can live anywhere and can eat a variety of things .
pandas and koala s are both specialist species . they only eat one type of food . bamboo for the panda and eucalyptus leaves for the koala . a python is a generalist species . it can live anywhere and eat just about anything . pandas and koalas can only live in their natural habitats .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia by they are both specialist animals which means they favor stability over change . china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pythons are generalist who peter change . the ultimate generalist is arguably a human being who with the assistant of technology can live anywhere .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are very similar because they both mainly eat one thing that is abundant in their habitat . pandas eat almost only bamboo which they can easily find in china wildlife koala bears mainly eat eucalyptus leaves which is widely available to them in australia . pythons are different because they are carnivores and don t only thing on one thing . according to the article pythons can eat anything from mice to alligator .
pandas and koalas are specialist species . they specify to one type of substance that is crucial to their survival that without they could possibility die . the python is a generalist species meaning that they have a larger range of adaptation . this means they can survive on more than one food source like different types of rodent rather than specifically one and one only .
pandas and koala are specialist which means that they eat almost one kind of food . it states this in the article when it says almost nothing but almost exclusively in paragraph talking about food . different from pythons because pythons are generalist more abundant and eat more than one thing and living in different area .
china s panda is considered a specialist because all it does is eat bamboo . because of its lack of variety of food it is similar to koalas who only eat a specific leaf called eucalyptus leaves . pythons on the other hand move around land and populate in different spots as well as eat a variety of different foods . they eat just about any meat they can find or fit in their mouths .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are specialists . meaning they eat nothing else but bamboo or eucalyptus leaves that is to say they are different from pythons because in the article it says a python swallowed an alligator . emphasizing it is harder for them to adapt to certain conditions .
pandas and koalas are similar because both eat almost one food . . . . china s panda which eats almost nothing than bamboo . koalas bear . . . eats leave . they are both very different from pythons because of what they eat pythons eat a lot of them . a python swallowed an alligator . . . this shows how pythons eat almost an thing while panda and koalas won t .
the panda s and koala s are similar because they are both specialist species eating almost exclusively one form of plant type and they are both different from pythons because a python is a generalist species eating almost any animals it can so it is not limited to one habitat or region .
panda in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist . pandas can only eat bamboo and koalas can only eat eucalyptus . this makes it hard for the m to survive anywhere else . they are different form pythons because pythons are generalist . pythons can eat really anything and live anywhere making survival easy .
the pandas in china and the koalas in australia are alike because they are both specialists . they both mainly eat one type food that is found in their habitat . on the other hand pythons are generalists . they eat whatever they can find . in the article it states that generalists can live anywhere that is the main difference .
the pandas in china are similar to the koalas in australia because they can only live in a certain environment and only eat certain food it says in the article pandas can only eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus . whereas a python can adapt to any environment it is put in and it is able to eat anything .
both the chinese panda and australia koala are similar because they are both specialists which means they live off one main food source . the panda lives on a diet off bamboo and the koala mainly consumes eucalyptus leaves . but these animals are different from the python because the python is a generalist which has many food sources . the python will eat rodents small animals or even large animals .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they can only live in those areas because they only eat bamboo or eucalyptus . they are specialist . pythons however are generalist because they can eat rats bugs and other things so they can live in different places .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialists both species eat only a certain plant . the pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . those two animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists which means that they can adapt to almost any also where as specialists cannot .
pandas and koala bear are similar in that they are both specialist species and exclusively belong to a certain area and almost exclusively eat one thing . evidence to prove so is china s panda eat s almost nothing but bamboo . australia s koala bear eats s eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . this indicates that do share similarities but also differ from python in that the python can eat almost and adapt to conditions similar to its an .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialist which means they have a very limited amount of places they can survive due to their diet . both of these species only conserve a very specific food which exist only in specific places . making them need to only live in one area . this differs from a python a generalists who can consume a large variety of foods so it can live many places .
pandas of china are like koalas in australia because they both are very reliant on one source for food bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koalas . pythons in contrast and eat a variety of things which makes it a generalist while pandas and koalas are specialist .
pandas and koalas are specialized animals who have particular dietary needs . they can only survive if the conditions and food is right . pythons diet is more general and can be changed if need be and therefore is a generalized animal that can thrive in may locations .
the china panda eats only bamboo and australia s koala bear usually eats only eucalyptus leaves . so they re alike because they eat only one food . they also cant leave their habitat because that s were their food is . unlike a python it can live anywhere because it eats a lot of different things .
they are both similar because they both only eat one thing . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas era eucalyptus leaves . a python will eat anything . in a python swallowed an alligator . it exploded but it still tried to eat it . they eat only meat while the koala and panda do not eat only meat . as long as a python is hungry enough it will clearly resort to any food source .
both pandas and koalas are similar because they both only eat thing bamboo and eucalyptus leaves . you can only find these items in certain places . but they are different to pythons because they eat living things such as mice and you can find mice everywhere .
pandas and koalas are both specialist animals . they only eat strictly certain foods such as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves . compared to a generalist python that is easier to adapt to new food and environment .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar in the way that they only eat things that come from their natural habitat they are different from the python because the python can live in other places and adapt to the food resources that come from there .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist species animals needing stability and little change in their lives . pandas eat mostly bamboo and koalas eat mostly eucalyptus leaves . they are both different from pythons because they are a generalist species . pythons are able to adapt to changes in environment location and food supply unlike pandas koalas .
pandas and koalas are both specialist . a panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo has to stay in its own habitat . much like the koala which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . these two animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists . they can live in multiple habitat around the world not just one .
pandas in china are similar to koala bears because there both specialist . panda s in china only eat bamboo and koalas from australia only eat eucalyptus leaves . there both different from a python because a python is a generalist which could possibly live anywhere a eat a variety of things .
pandas and koalas are both similar due to the fact that they both eat certain foods almost exclusively . in paragraph it states that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively these animals are both different to pythons as pythons are generalist and can eat nearly anything .
panda s in china are similar to koalas in australia because both species rely on basically one source of nutrients . pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . these two animals are different from pythons because pythons have abundant sources of foods unlike the panda bear . pythons can almost eat anything . a dramatic situation that happened in the everglades in was that a python swallowed an alligator .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are specialist species . they only eat certain types of food so they are limited to certain environments . pythons are different because they are a generalist species . they can adapt to different environment and the food they eat is more common worldwide .
animals have been divided into two sections specialists and generalists . rosary macinnes distinguishes between the the two by saying that generalists favor change and specialists favor stability . the chinese panda and the australian koala are two specialist species . they rely on one exclusive food source . the python a generalist is extremely adaptive and is not role to one single food supply .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they only eat one type of food . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . they are both different from pythons because pythons can eat just about anything because when it went to a new habitat it didn t die . this is because it didn t need food it had from old habitat to survive .
the china s panda and australia s koala bear are both specialists . they both eat a specific food . the panda eats almost nothing but panda . and bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . the python is a generalist which means it can adapt to different types of food that also makes the python less stable i like the specialists .
panda s in china are similar to koalas bears in australia in a way because they are both specialists . this means that they have to be in an environment that supports their specific needs like an abundance of bamboo or eucalyptus . python are different because as generalist the can thrive in many similar environments .
china s panda is similar to australia koala because these two animals are specialist species . these two specific place and only eat one specific food compared to a python which is a generalist species that can adapt to other ranges throughout the u . s and eat a variety of different foods .
pandas from china are similar to koalas in australia because both can live off of one thing and only in that area . bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for koala bears . those animals differ from pythons because pythons can eat a variety of different animals and can live almost anywhere from florida to antarctica .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialist and eat plants that grow in one area . pythons can live in more places than pandas or koalas because they can eat mainly panda and are going to new places to live like u . s .
panda s and koalas are both specialists . that means they can not adapt well because they only eat pretty much one thing such as bamboo or eucalyptus leaves . pythons however can adapt and find food and are therefore generalists . an example of a python adapting is in florida where they can eat key largo wood rats and other species .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both belong to the specialist group due to their very limited diet and inability to adapt to most places . this contrasts them from pythons because pythons can adapt to most environments due to the variety of food they eat .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia in the same that they are both specialist species . this meaning that they generally only eat one type of food as described in paragraph . they both differ from a python because a python is able to move easily adapt to several different foods because it is a generalist species .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists and eat exclusively from one food source . pandas eat mostly bamboo and the koala eats nothing but eucalyptus leaves . they are different then the python because pythons are generalists . because they can pretty much eat what ever they want . they have even eaten an alligator before and they can live more place where the panda and koala cannot .
pandas and koalas are both specialist species . they both could not naturally survive outside of their habitats because they only eat things that are native to china or australia . pythons can survive in many places because their bodies were made to eat a variety of animals .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they both have limited diets which makes them unable to live in a different territory because the food they eat is only found in their original habitat . they are different from pythons because pythons only require a warm environment which can be provided for them in other places .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they eat almost nothing they eat leaves bamboo etc . they don t harm other wildlife animals . pythons eat wild life animals . pandas and koalas are better for the environment . in the article it says pandas which eat almost nothing . the difference is habitat and what they prey on .
koala bears and panda bears are similar because they both eat exclusively one thing and nothing else . they are also specialists . a python is a generalist they eat many different things and don t have to live in only one area to get their food .
panda s and koala s are similar . in the text it says a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . this means to me that both species have a certain type of food they eat . they eat only this type of food . in the text it says a python swallowed an alligator . . . obviously pythons don t eat only one food . this is the difference between panda s and koala s from pythons .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists that need specific things to survive . for example pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . these are different pythons because pythons are generalists that can easily adapt to other areas as long as there is a similar climate . they are not limited on food like pandas and koalas are .
the pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because according to the article paragraph it explains how pandas only eats bamboo and koala bear eats eucalyptus they leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from the pythons because according to paragraph they said that pythons were seen in multiple locations in remote regions of the everglades they eat anything and they get used to the environment . that is why panda and koala are extinct .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialist animals they are both adapted to one habitat . the article explains that china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and that koalas in australia eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they differ from pythons because the python is a generalist which is an animal that can live and adapt to almost anywhere .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are specialist animals they live in the places they do because it has the food it needs to survive . pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they need these specific things to survive . the python however is a generalist it can live anywhere because its able to adapt to its surroundings .
panda s and koalas are similar by both eating certain foods like bamboo and eucalyptus leaves and that how they are both specialist . unlike the python who is a generalist who can live anywhere because food is abundant . there only certain places pandas and koalas can live but as pythons begin to expand they live everywhere .
pandas are similar to koalas australia because they both rely on one food source . pandas can only survive on their bamboo while koalas can only survive on their eucalyptus leaves . they differ from pythons because pythons can eat a wide range of food so it is able to live in other places of the world other than its native country .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialist species and what favors specialists is stability . both species rely on specific conditions such as climate and food sources which restrict them from living anywhere else . on the other hand pythons are generalist species that have an easier time adapting to new conditions and habitats .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialists . they exclusively eat one kind of food source . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas eat only eucalyptus leaves . they are different from pythons because a python is a generalist . it can eat a wide range of food sources .
as the article states pandas and koala s are specialist species which means the rely on one thing for survival . the pandas eat bamboo and the koala eats eucalyptus leaves whereas pythons can eat anything from rats to alligators .
pandas in china koalas in australia are similar b c they both depend on their environment to survive . pandas consume bamboo which grows naturally only in china . koalas only eats eucalyptus leaves which grow natural in australia . they are both different than pythons b c pythons can eat anything they can they don t rely on one food source that is common where they live . they can go anywhere and eat anything .
pandas and koalas both require a specific environment to live in . joel ac havoc writes china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively one man s pet another s invasive species . without these specific foods a panda and koala would die . however a python can eat many different foods and can live anywhere on the planet that suits it s climate needs .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are specialists because they eat almost exclusively one type of food such as pandas eat the bamboo and koalas eating eucalyptus leaves . both of these species differ from pythons because pythons are generalists which eat many different things which is why they adapt so easily to other places even though it is foreign to them .
panda s in china are similar to koala bears in australia because both animals are specialists . they basically eat only one thing which means there aren t to many environment that they could live in . these animals are different from a python because a python is a generalist . pythons eat a variety of things and can adapt in different evian men ts .
the pandas in china only eat bamboo and the koalas in australia mainly eat eucalyptus leaves while pythons are adapting to new environment and eating what ever comes a long . the difference between the animals and the reptiles are that the koalas and pandas are not spreading and adapting to different environments while the pythons are .
pandas and koalas are different from pythons because they are both specialist animals that only eat one kind of food . a python is is a generalist animal that can live anywhere but pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus so they are specialists that can only live in certain environments that meet their needs . th difference is that pandas and koalas are specialists who can only live in certain places and pythons are generalists .
koalas are similar to pandas because they are both specialists meaning they need a specific diet and would not last long in other parts of the world . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can live in a multitude of places .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia is that they are both specialist that eat almost nothing except plants . meanwhile a python which is a generalist is a carnivorous animal . for example in the article it talks about how a python had tried swallowed a crocodile but instead exploded .
pandas and koalas are both similar because they are specialists or only eat a very limited variety in foods . pythons on the other hand are generalists which means they are less picky in their food choices . pythons can adapt to many different environment and eat a variety of foods .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialists while pythons are generalists . pandas and koalas are also similar in the fact that they eat one thing almost exclusively pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . pythons on the other hand eat a variety of food rats other rodents and even tried to eat an alligator but it exploded in the process . pandas and koalas also are confined to one part of the world while pythons are now in many .
pandas are koalas are both specialists meaning they have very little range if food they eat . for instance panda eat mainly bamboo and koalas eat mainly eucalyptus which native to their homeland of china and australia respectively pythons are generalists meaning that they can adapt to most living conditions . this is the main focus of paragraph through .
pandas and koalas are both described in this article as specialist species meaning they need very specific aspects of their lives to be fulfilled in order to survive . an example of this is the panda eating nothing but bamboo . both the panda and koalas differ from pythons because pythons are generalists not specialist . pythons can live in a wider variety of places and eat a vast selection of prey where as the panda and koala cannot .
in china the pandas diet consist of bamboo and in australia the koala eats eucalyptus leaves . if the panda or koala were placed somewhere else they would not have the food they need in order to survive . a python is more adaptable . it can eat common animals like birch and dents . a pythons diet consists of almost anything it can fit in its mouth .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia as they are both specialists . this means that they only eat one type of food making it harder for them to adapt to new climates . there specialists greatly differ from pythons b c pythons can adapt easier as they can survive by eating almost anything . animal similar to pythons raccoons and cockroaches are called generalists as they eat a wider variety of food and can survive almost changing conditions .
both the chinese pandas and australia koalas are specialists . pythons are generalist . chinese pandas can eat only bamboo while australian koalas eat only eucalyptus too . pythons are capable of eating a bigger diversity and pythons often do best in and around human . generalists are more capable of adapting to change in diet and environment thus making them more able to survive and reproduce more effectively .
china s panda is similar to australia s koala because they both only live on one main food . the panda mainly eats bamboo as the koala mainly eat eucalyptus leaves . these animals differ from pythons because they are considered specialists as pythons are generalists . a specialist can only live in one place where as a generalist can live almost anywhere .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar in the way that they only eat one type of food . they are specialists which can only survive in certain areas that can support their diet and lifestyle . pythons meanwhile can eat just about anything that they can get their claws on . they are generalists and they can usually adapt to any change in their immediate environment as long as its similar to its natural environment .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist animals which means that they eat almost exclusively one specific type of food and can only live in one area . whereas pythons have a much larger diet and con eat almost anything . therefore they can live in many areas and are called generalists .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they could only survive in those places . in the article it says china s panda eat almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are different from pythons because they are spread all over the world in warm climates because they eat anything .
pandas in china are very similar to koalas in australia . both eat one food almost exclusively the pandas eat bamboo and the koalas eat eucalyptus leaves and stay confined to their overseas environments . pythons on the other hand are different . they are reptiles and they are generalists as opposed to the others who are specialists . pythons can live in a variety of climates and eat a variety of foods .
both china s pandas and australia s koala bears are specialists . these two animals cannot really adapt to any environment too easily . the article state that the panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . these two animals are different than pythons who according to the article are generalists and can adapt to almost any environment .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are unlike pythons because pandas and koalas need extremely specific thing to live such as eating nearly only bamboo or eucalyptus leaves . they have a had time adapting to new places . the needs of pythons are different because they are a generalist species and can live almost anywhere with the right materials which can be found in most places on earth where as the panda koala need specific things that are found in only one area .
pandas from china and koalas from australia are quite similar in the fact that they can only eat food from one source and therefore can only live in one environment . they are different from pythons however because pythons are more invasive and can adapt easily to new diets .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialist which means they both eat mainly one type of food . bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus eaves for koalas . pythons however are generalists meaning they eat almost anything . the main difference between pandas pythons and koalas is that pandas and koalas can not live outside their natural habitat because they would starve but pythons can live anywhere and still find food .
chinese pandas and australian koalas are both specialist needing stability the manifold source they eat and to not have change as explained in paragraph . a python is a generalist and is able to adapt to new climate and have multiple food sources and can live in multiple places because the earth favors generalists over specialists .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat almost nothing but eucalyptus leaves . pythons differ from these two mammals because they are generalists . they devour various types of animals and can survive most climates .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are categorized as specialists meaning they most have very particular circumstances in order to live . the pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . this is different from pythons because they have a much broader section of food and will eat many different things in order to survive one ever tried to swallow alligator .
china s panda and australia s koala are similar because they are both specialists that eat one main source of food . a python on the other hand is a generalist meaning it is a good adapted . the python is different from the panda or koala because it survives better with humans . . . . the species that have become most abundant are often have that and can not around humans .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are specialist organisms . they cannot move from their native land china an australia because they can only live off of that environment s climate and food source . pythons are different because they are generalists . they are capable of moving around to different environments . pythons have been seen in many different places .
china s panda and australia s koalas are similar because they both are picky eaters . koalas eat pretty much only eucalyptus leaves and pandas eat bamboo . these two differ from pythons because pythons will eat any kind of meat or animals . they eat rats mice beck one try d to eat a crocodile .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist species . this means that they can only survive in one type of habitat because for example the panda only eats bamboo and the koala only eats eucalyptus leaves the python however is a generalist species . so it can live in a wide variety of places such as asia and the u . s .
both pandas and koalas have specific dietary needs and need to stay in an environment where there is an abundance of this food . pandas need bamboo and koalas need eucalyptus leaves unlike the python which can eat any other animal . the python is a generalist and would have an easier time living anywhere compared to pandas and koalas which are specialists .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are alike . they are alike because they are both specialist . they cannot survive in locations without bamboo or eucalyptus which they eat . if they were transported to america they would die in our wilderness . a python is different . a python is a generalist . they can live in a larger variety of places like asia or the southern parts of the united states . this can lead to pythons becoming invasive species as they have no predators in their new environment . a panda cannot become an invasive species .
pandas are similar to koalas because they re specialists as the article stated in as much that they need a very uniform and stable environment to survive . they differ from the python who s considered a generalist due to it s ability to survive all over and adapt to its food sources and environment .
the pandas in china barely eat anything but bamboo they re similar in that way to the australian koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . both of these animals differ from the pythons which can probably adapt to new places and eat almost anything from rats to even alligators . the everglades in a python swallowed an alligator . that a big difference to me .
pandas and koalas both generally eat only one type of food . pandas eat bamboo according to paragraph . . . . panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo and in that same paragraph it say koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pythons are a different story unlike pandas and koalas pythons eat generally anything they can get their mouth around . like in paragraph a python encountered an alligator and tried to eat it which in turn led to its death .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are both specialists . both of these single out one type of food and only eat that . they are different from a python because pythons are generalists . pythons are more dangerous and eat almost anything . it can live in different cultures and climates than the specialists .
china s pandas bear will and can only eat bamboo leaves and the koala can basically the plant . these two are confined to where those plants are . pythons can eat all types of food and can adapt fast like how they can eat alligators .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both animals do not eat a variety of foods . china panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bears which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . these animals are different from pythons because snakes will eat almost any thing including alligator .
panda s and koala s are similar in nature because they both feed off of mostly one food source for panda s its bamboo and eucalyptus leaves for the koala but they are different from the python because they can only survive in the habitat that has that certain food .
according to the article pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia and different from pythons because pandas and koalas are specialist species that is they live only in a certain place that provides them with the only type of food they eat . in contrast pythons are a generalist species who can live in many places .
pandas are similar to koalas because they are both specialists . this means that they both only eat one type of substance like bamboo and eucalyptus and or can only live in one certain place . pandas differ from pythons because they are generalists which can eat different animals and can adapt to different places to live .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because of their exclusively to food pandas bamboo koalas eucalyptus or australia koalas with eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively they are different from pythons because pythons can eat a variety of animals . a python swallowed an alligator .
pandas from china not koalas from australia are both specialists . this means that they can really only live in an area because of what they depend on for life such as too . a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia koalas bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pythons are the opposite of pandas and koalas because they are generalist . as stated in the article they can almost anywhere because of their ability to adapt .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists meaning they almost exclusively eat only one type of food . they both differ from pythons because pythons are generalists meaning they eat a variety of different foods and can adapt to changes unlike specialists .
pandas in china and koalas in australia both are considered to be specialists which more they rely on certain food and do not like change . what favors specialists in stability . pythons on the other hand are generalists which means they can adapt rather quickly and live in most different locations . pythons can adapt to change unlike pandas and of koalas .
both china s panda and australia s koala each eat thing exclusively the panda eats bamboo and koala eucalyptus leaves . a python has been shown to eat a variety of things such as a rat and also an alligator .
pandas and koalas are similar because they eat exclusively one thing whereas pythons can eat hundreds of different things . the article even says that a python swallowed an alligator . it exploded . also koalas and pandas are different because they cannot adapt like pythons can as you can see from the map most of the us s south is habitable to pythons .
pandas eats bamboo period . that s their breakfast lunch dinner . koalas eats only eucalyptus leaves . these animals are both specialists are suited to their own habitat . pythons are generalists . they can live anywhere the food climate allow they can easily populate the entire bottom north of the as .
a panda in china is similar to a koala in australia because they each almost exclusively eat only one type of food making it a specialist meaning they can only live in a certain type of environment . they are different from a python because according to the article a python is a generalist . this means that it can live anywhere that there is food . the article also states that the species that are most abundant are after those that do best around humans .
pandas in china are like koalas in australia because they are both specialists a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively pg . . this shows that both animals are specialists because they wouldn t survive in most environments . both are different from pythons because pythons are generalists who can live in most climates .
china s pandas and australia s koala bears are similar because they both feed off of one food pandas eat bamboo all the time and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively they are also both specialists . pythons are different because they eat animals and are not strictly herbivores . pythons are also generalists .
pandas in china and koalas in australia only eat one food . mainly pandas eat bamboo and koalas almost exclusively eat eucalyptus leaves . pythons eat just about any other creatures they can get a hold of one tried to eat a crocodile but exploded when swallowed .
pandas and koalas are similar because they both are specialists . in the article it states they are specialists because they favor stability and both eat only one food for the most part . pythons are different because they are generalist which the article says are those who change favors because generalists adapt to change well .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists where they only need one type of food to survive . these two animals are different to the python because a python is a generalist that can eat many different kinds of food and thrives where human live . pandas and koalas can t survive with humans .
both pandas and koalas are specialists species so they can only survive in certain ares . they also both only eat one food . pandas eat bamboo one koalas ear eucalyptus leaves . pythons are generous so they can survive in changing environment and can eat different types of food .
pandas in china area similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . they require a specific type of food . for example a panda only eats bamboo and the koala only eats eucalyptus leaves . this is different from the pythons because the python is a generalist . it is able to eat many different things and can live easily among humans while specialist cannot .
a panda bear and koala bear are similar because they are both specialists . they eat only one type of food and live in one general area a specialist is china s panda which eats nothing but bamboo . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalist . they will eat just about anything and live where ever they are .
pandas and koalas are similar because they both are specialists . the panda and the koala eats only a certain type of food rather than everything . a panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and a koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . however in the article it implies that pythons eats almost anything from the midst thing like a worse to an alligator . also pythons like these in asia are design in about a third of other states in the u . s with similar climates unlike bears pandas that are stable .
the chinese panda and the australian koala bear are both specialists china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo . australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they re different than pythons because they re specialist and the pythons are generalists . panda s and koala s can t live everywhere and adapt but generalist can .
panda s in china are similar to koala s in australia because they both exclusively eat one item . panda bears eat only bamboo and koala s exclusively eat eucalyptus leaves . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalist and can live mainly anywhere and eat almost anything .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists . they eat only one thing pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves . they differ from pythons because pythons are generalists . generalists eat more than one type of food and can adapt to the environment around them .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialist animals that both are on a diet of mainly one thing . pandas strictly bamboo and koalas mainly only eucalyptus . these two animals are different from a python because pythons eat many different things in order to survive and can live in numerous places .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are specialists they survive on a very specific food source and a specific environment . however pythons are generalists in that they don t require a specific food source and climate to survive . subsequently pythons can spread much farther than pandas and koalas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are specialist animals that only can survive in their own habitats . a specialist is china s panda which eats nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . achenbach pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons are generalist animals that can adapt and live almost anywhere unlike pandas and koalas that only can survive in their habitat .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both eat mainly one food source and have little access invading areas that are not their native areas . they are specialists . they are both different from python because pythons are generalists that can live in a wide climate range . i know this because in paragraph it says a generalist is a raccoon a python a cockroach a white tailed dear .
pandas from china and koalas from australia are similar because they are both specialists . they eat the same foods day in and day out and they have a limited range in which to live . both of these animal are different from pythons though pythons are generalists much like us humans . pythons can adapt to change and can live in numerous environments . on the other hand pandas and koalas can do no such thing .
pandas are similar to koalas because they both eat mainly one thing and not a variety of foods . they re both considered specialists because the article claims that pandas eat almost nothing but bamboo while koalas eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . pythons on the other hand can eat several different animals and not just one like pandas and koalas . the article shows that pythons catch rats alligators and more
panda in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists species that can only live on the food that is in those areas bamboo for pandas and eucalyptus leaves for the koala where as the pythons are generalist species that can eat just about nothing and live just about anywhere .
the two are similar because pandas and koalas are animals that have a specific food . a python does not and seems to be able to adapt better to it s surrounding . pythons have proven to be able to leave home but the koala and panda must have bamboo or eucalyptus leaves to survive .
china s panda bear and australia s koala bear are similar because they are both specialists . they both survive on basically one type of food and wouldn t survive outside of their habit . both these animals are different from the python because the python eats different food and as the map shows live in multiple places .
a panda or a koala bear are in the specialists categories . specialists which live and eat only in exclusive areas and certain food . a specialists differs from a generalists because a generalists because with the assistance of technology can live anywhere . these animals include pythons racoons or deers .
pandas will eat almost nothing but bamboo and koala s only eat eucalyptus so they are specialists . pythons on the other hand can eat and survive off many different things which would make it a generalist .
panda in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialists which according to the article need stability for example pandas live off of mostly bamboo and koalas live almost exclusively off of eucalyptus leaves . they are different from pythons generalists who have been able to adapt to the food sources and different parts of the world .
pandas in china koala bears in australia are similar because they both have a limited and small food source . china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and australia s koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . if either animals were to be taken away from their exclusive food source they would struggle to survive not adapt ways . this is unlike the pythons because a python can easily live in many different places adapt well . they have much border food source . therefore make them to survive adapt there .
koala bears and panda bears are similar because they are specialists are animals that have hard time adapting to new climates and food sources . the article also states that both animals eat exclusively one food . both animals are different than pythons because pythons are generalists not specialists . they can adapt to new habitats and food sources unlike the koala bear as panda bear .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . they can not live anywhere because pandas need bamboo and koalas need eucalyptus leaves to eat . without these they will starve . these are both different from pythons because a python can live anywhere as long as the climate is the right temperature . this is because they can eat anything even an alligator if they need to .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both specialists . in the article it say panda s eat bamboo exclusively and koala eat eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from pythons because a python s because a python will eat a wide variety of foods . and a python is classified as a generalists as said in the article meaning its more adaptive than a panda or koala bear .
pandas and koalas are similar because they normally eat one things either bamboo or eucalyptus leaves . but the python will eat anything like rats or crocodiles . pandas or koalas also like stability and pythons like change as said in the article .
panda s from china and koalas from australia are similar because they are both specialists . a specialist is an animal that can only live one way and only eat one thing . pandas can only eat bamboo and koalas can only eat eucalyptus leaves . now the snake is different because it is a generalist . a generalist is an animal that can adapt . it can live in various places and eat various things .
pandas and koalas are both similar mainly because they both depend on a single food source like bamboo and eucalyptus . pythons however can travel anywhere with the right climate wild small preys so it can adapt better to a new place .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both only eat and survive off of one type of food . pandas only eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . both pandas and koalas are different from pythons because pythons will eat anything . the article even said that one python swallowed an alligator before then it exploded .
pandas and koalas are similar in the way the article says they basically eat one type of food . that same information sets them apart from snakes like pythons because pythons eat according to the article a broad range of food from mice to alligator .
panda s and koalas are similar because they are both specialists . they both eat exclusively one thing . the panda eats bamboo the koala eats eucalyptus trees . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists . the eat anything from alligators to mite .
pandas in china only eat bamboo which is only found in certain asian country . koala bears in australia only eat eucalyptus leaves which are only found in few parts of the world . if you take a panda or koala out of it s habitat then it won t survive unlike pythons which eat mice which are found anywhere .
pandas in china and bamboo in australia are similar because they are both specialists . they both only eat a certain food and therefore can only live in certain places . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists the opposite of specialists unlike specialists generalists live in warmer areas and aren t limited to one food .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia and are different from pythons is because pandas and koalas are animals that eat only one type of food or that same food all the time . while pythons eat a variety of food but mostly meat i know this because in the article it says china s panda eat nothing but bamboo or australia s koalas eat only eucalyptus and a python trying to eat an alligator .
pandas from china koalas from australia are similar in that they are both specialists eating exclusively one food . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists who can live in more than one place because they eat more than thing .
pandas koalas are very much alive because both animals only eat one thing either bamboo or eucalyptus leaves these differ from pythons because pythons can eat a wide variety of food food mice to alligators . this makes python generalists pandas and koalas specialists .
chinese pandas which eat only bamboo and australian koalas which eat eucalyptus leaves are considered specialists by this article that is they need specific things to survive in a given place . pythons on the other hand are considered generalists because they can survive in more places with different climates of native life . pythons in asia inhabit climates like that of the u . s says the article .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are specialists animals . they rely on one food source and cannot live without it . they are different from a python because a python is a generalist and can adapt to a new environment and survive by eating different foods .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists meaning they need specific climates and environments to survive . pandas and koalas require specific food only found in the homelands of china and australia . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists meaning they can survive in a wider range of environments than species such as pandas and koalas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialist animals . in the article achenbach states that a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves . . . . these two animals are different than pythons because pythons are generalist animals who have a wide range of food and habitats to live in .
pandas and koalas are forced to stay in their habitats china and australia respectively because they need certain things to survive . what they eat is not available all round the world so they have to stay in their natural habitat . however pythons can move from continent to continent because they are able to adapt and eat other things . this is exemplary in . . . there s a speculation that hurricane andrew . . . played a factor in a wholesale python jail break in . they were able to adapt unlike pandas and koalas .
as stated in paragraph both pandas and koalas are known as specialist because they can only exist in a specific area that holds grows their source of food . while these animals share this lifestyle in common the python contrasts them . the python on the other hand can spread anywhere with a suitable climate thus making it more of a generalist . because pythons are often around humans they are more abundant than pandas or koalas as stated in paragraph .
pandas and koalas are both specialist animals they eat respectively bamboo and eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are unlike pythons which will eat a more general selection of prey from wood rats to alligators .
china s panda bear is similar to australia s koala bear because they eat only one type of food so they can only live in areas that support the growth of their food . unlike the python which can live anywhere that is warm and has small animals .
pandas koalas both have specialized diets . climate making it difficult to survive in a variety of areas . koalas for example eat almost exclusively eucalyptus leaves wile python can eat just about anything and live just about anywhere their habitat and food .
china s pandas and australia s koalas are similar because they are both specialist species that live off mostly one food and thrive in only a certain area of the world . they are different from the python because a python is a generalist species that can adapt to rapid change in food sources and habitats . unlike pandas and koalas . pythons live all over the world .
pandas in china are similar to koala in australia because they are both specialists . they are exclusive about the things they eat where they live . the python is different because it is a generalist . generalists are more adaptable . as a result they can survive in many places around the world .
the author describes pandas and koala bears as specialists while pythons are generalists . both pandas and koalas eat one food exclusively . pandas eat bamboo and koala bears eat eucalyptus . pythons however can eat nearly anything and are capable of surviving in more than one place . pandas and koala bears must remain where they can get the right food .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both specialists . these two animals rely and single species food force to survive and are different from the python because this animal is a generalist meaning it will change its food source as it travels to different en moments .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they both have very strict diets which restrains them from leaving their natural habitat and makes them specialists . they are both different from pythons generalists because pythons have been found to live in a variety of climate due to their broader acceptable food range . also pythons do well around humans allowing them to live as pets .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . they both eat a specific thing . pandas eat bamboo and koalas eat eucalyptus leaves while on the other hand a python also known as a generalist eats just about anything . and can adapt . if you put a panda somewhere there weren t bamboo then it would probably die but if put a python anywhere it would probably survive .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they re both specialists china s panda exclusively eats bamboo and australia s koalas exclusively eats eucalyptus leaves . these two animals are different from pythons because pythons are generalists that can live almost anywhere and adapt to eating types of food .
pandas in china are similar are similar to koalas in australia because they both rely on their habitat and they can t really leave their environment . china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia koala which eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . pythons can adapt to different environments and can eat a variety of things pandas and koalas can t .
like it in the article pandas in china and koalas in australia differ from pythons in many ways . pandas and koalas are specialized species they only live in certain areas and eat certain foods . while pythons can eat only thing and live practically anywhere they are generalized .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists which relies on specific food sources and would not be able to survive in most other places in the world . the article states china s panda eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively to show that these animals could not live anywhere in contrast pythons are generalists which can live anywhere . these organisms are becoming more abundant as compared to specialists because they favor change .
pandas and koalas are similar because they depend entirely on their location to survive . their only food source is where they live . they are different from pythons because pythons can live pretty much anywhere . in the article it says a python lived in a tourist car and due tried to eat an alligator so they can actually survive .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they can only live in these places because they need what is grown there . a python however can live anywhere that has a potential food source and an agreeable climate . python s can eat almost anything that fits in their stomachs but pandas and koalas can t .
both the panda and koala are specialists . they require a very specific habitat to live . the have differently adapting to all other habitats but their own . a python on the other hand is able to live and survive in many habitats . it is not restricted to one food source like the panda or the koala it can find a way to survive if the climate fits it .
pandas from china and koalas from australia are both specialists . they both live off of one food source and could only live in the areas they are from change to their habitats would mean death for them . they are different from pythons because pythons are generalists and can adapt to changing habitats quickly and eat just about anything . pythons have already made the change of habitat to everglades in the u . s .
koalas and pandas are similar because they are both specialist species having settled in a very specific niche . they could not survive elsewhere because of their highly specific food source . however both differ from a python which is a generalist species because it is able to move easily adapt to a new habitat such as the florida keys and in gloves neither a panda nor a koala could or would be able to adapt like the python who has expanded its food source to include an alligator .
pandas and koalas are specialist animals . specialist animals are animal that need a specific environment to survive . for example pandas and koalas eat almost only bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively . pythons are generalist species meaning they thrive on change . they can potentially live anywhere from humid florida to arid texas to busy california to even cold delaware .
the pandas in china are very similar to australia s koala bear because they are both specialists . specialists are species that cannot adapt to change very well . according to the article both the panda and koala live on mainly off one main food source . these two species are very different from pythons which are generalists . pythons eat rats and alligators now and can live in a large variety of climates which is unlike koala pandas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists meaning they can only survive in a certain area . this is because the panda eats almost nothing but bamboo and the koala eats almost only eucalyptus leaves . the python however is different because it is a generalist . they can handle change and adapt to it making it easy for them to find food almost anywhere .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists and require only type of food to live like bamboo or eucalyptus leaves . they differ from pythons because pythons are generalists as shown in paragraph . they can adapt to different foods and can therefore survive in many places and species are quietly .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia . they are because they are both specialists who cannot live anywhere . for example pandas eats almost nothing but bamboo and a koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists which are like us humans who can live adapt anywhere .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because both are specialist and they only eat the same food china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo or australia s koala bear which eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively . both are different from pythons because pythons can live in other habitats and eat anything a python swallowed an alligator .
china s panda and australia s koala bear are similar because they are both specialists which means they need to be in certain conditions and eat certain foods to survive . they are different from pythons because according to the article pythons are generalists which means they can live in a number of different climates and survive on a variety of different foods and resources .
pandas and koalas both almost only eat one type of food . as said in the article a specialist is china s panda which eats almost nothing but bamboo . . . showing that if the panda or koala were to move to another country they d need some place with their most eaters food . pythons are different because wherever it goes an it needs is meat and rodents .
china s panda and australia s koala are similar in that they are both defined as specialists . this means they need to live a specific environment and eat specific things in order to survive . as opposed to the python which a generalist and can more easily adapt to the environment is it in to survive . the article states that the world favors generalist rather than specialists .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . pandas and koalas cannot survive just anywhere because pandas eat almost only bamboo and koalas eat almost only eucalyptus leaves . they are both different from pythons because pythons are generalists and do not require a specific type of food . this means they have more places where they can survive .
the panda and koala are both specialists while a python is a generalist . the difference between these two like said in the article is that the python can adapt and change to the environment it is in like humans therefore they can live in more places and thrive . unlike the python the panda and koala are in need of special types of food to survive so if moved they would probably die .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australian because they are both specialist species and since they eat specific foods can only live specific parts of globe . in contrast pythons are generalist species who can adapt to the environment and are better off than pandas and koalas because according to the article we live in an age that favors generalists .
panda s and koalas are similar they both are very peaceful animals and have a very strict climate they need to live in along of all even stricter diet . the python is very different and as seen on the way is adaptive to a new diet hence the spreading across southern america .
pandas and koalas are both specialists . they are both extremely particular about what they eat . pandas almost only eat eucalyptus leaves . pandas and koalas both differ from pythons because they can adapt their eating habits easily and eat a range of things .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists meaning that they only eat certain kinds of food which also means that they can only live in certain places . both of these animals are different from a python because pythons are generalists meaning that they eat a wide variety of things therefore they can survive pretty much anywhere .
both pandas in china and koala in australia are they are both specialists . both live almost exclusively in one place and eat almost one type of food bamboo and eucalyptus leaves respectively . these specialist animals differ from a python . a python is a generalist capable of living in many places and eating many foods .
pandas are similar to koalas in the sense that both animals specifically eat one type of food and live in one environment whereas pythons which eat a variety of things can live anywhere thus giving the python a higher chance of survival than both the panda and the koala .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both specialists . a chinese panda eats almost nothing but bamboo . and a koala eats eucalyptus leaves almost exclusively this shows how these animals most live in one place . a python on the other hand is a generalist that is not affected it depending to different climates . pandas and koalas cannot live without specialists .
pandas in china are similar to koalas because according to the article they re both specialists and a panda eats bamboo and a koala eats eucalyptus leaves . they both eat same sort of leaf or plant on the other hand theyre different from a python because a python is a generalist who can live almost anywhere . a panda or a koala cant do this because they need to stay where they know they can get bamboo or the eucalyptus leaves .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they are both considered specialists . they both eat a singular plant panda eats bamboo koala eats eucalyptus leaves . they are different from pythons because a python is considered a generalist . it eats multiple things rats alligators and literally anything it can get its mouth over .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because they both eat one thing they do not have a variety of different foods panda mainly eat bamboo and koalas only eat eucalyptus leaves . pythons eat many different things . in the everglades in a python tried eating an alligator and while it was in its stomach it exploded . koalas and pandas also stay in their natural habitat pythons have migrated .
china s panda and australia s koala are similar because they are specialists meaning they favor stability and they are only able to live in a certain area . for example the article explains how pandas almost only eat bamboo which grows in china and how koalas main food are the eucalyptus leaves which grow in australia . they are both unlike the python because it is a generalist which is able to adapt and live more places than specialists .
pandas and koalas are both classified as a specialist species . for example panda s in china exclusively eat bamboo while koalas in australia stick to eucalyptus leaves as their main diet . however both of these animals are different than the python . pythons are defined as a generalist species . if a python is moved from its original habitat to one similar it will adapt easily . a python diet is mainly composed of other animals . a python is easier to feed than a panda or koala .
pandas and koalas are similar because they both require sped food to survive for instance a panda only eats bamboo and a koala only eats eucalyptus leaves . these animals differ from snakes because snakes can live anywhere in the world because they have no specific food needs that can be found in only one region of the world .
the china s panda and australia s koala are both considered a type of bear . they both live off one specific type of food they eat for example the panda eats bamboo and almost nothing else . the koala bear eats eucalyptus leaves exclusively . these types of bears plant eaters you could say . the python is a dangerous meat eater ranging from rats to alligators . the python is far more aggressive and smaller than the two bears .
pandas in china and koalas in australia are similar because they are both specialists that can only live in one area because of their diet and habitat needs . they are both different from pythons because according to the article pythons are generalists and can live in various places . the map of the u . s . a show that they would be able to live in any place in the southern region of the usa . pandas and koalas would not be able to live in pandas areas .
pandas in china are similar to koalas in australia because both are specialists . the have united diets such as bamboo and eucalyptus leaves and the benefits or being a specialist is stability on the contrary pythons are generalists and can live in a koalas range of locations due to their less rest rice diet and ability change nowadays people are chasing to make earth a ready changing place and therefore favor generalists since adapt to change .
pandas and koalas are similar because they are both specialists they eat only a specific type of food and so can only survive in a specific habitat . pythons are generalists they can eat many things and so can live many places . this makes them a very effective invasive species as described in the article .
pandas in china must live these because they eat bamboo koalas in australia can only live there because they eat eucalyptus plant . these animals both specialist because they can not be removed from their habitat . a python or any other generalist species can survive in many locations therefore they become invasive species .
