paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star but he could not read . no school wanted a runner who couldn t read . paul listened to mr . leonard about his past and realized that is was similar to his present . paul decided that because mr . leonard had helped him with track that he needed to help mr . leonard out with his reading . c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
the background information about mr . leonard relates to paul because they both couldnt read very good and mr . leonard wants paul to to do better in life then what he did . it effects paul by making him want to try hard in track and school .
as paul learns more about mr . leonard he is able to see just how much alike the two of them really are . an example would be paul cannot read and neither can mr . leonard . when he was in college mr . leonard was a star hurdler as a freshman paul is starting out to have potential to be a great hurdler . the last statement provides evidence on how similar the two men are . paul can sympathize with mr . leonard because they are both not very good at something .
it shows that even if you cant read just like mr . leonard it doesnt mean that you should stop trying in life . just like when he went to college but lost his scholarship because he couldn t read that didnt stop him from breaking records on the field . so it just showed paul that he shouldn t give up just because something gets hard in life .
when paul received the background information on mr . leonard he saw a connection between them . that is why later in the story they decide to start training together and since they both struggle with reading they can be better friends in understand what they are going through .
mr . leonard isnt a good reader and so he tells paul he broke records in college but he couldnt read that good so it helped paul understand that it is good to learn how to read and over come obstacle cables
in knowing mr . leonard s background information paul feels like the two can relate now . after mr . leonard tells paul about his inability to read paul states the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . this statement supports the fact that paul feels empathy for mr . leonard because the two of them have experienced the same struggle in school .
the background information that the reader receives about mr . leonard is that he was a track star through high school and his freshman year in college but that he didn t know how to read . his grades were terrible and he flunked out of college despite being an incredible runner it didn t help him academically . one of the best runners in history who broke records had more in common with paul than he could have ever imagined . paragraph states the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feeling of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could for him . paul realizes that mr . leonard also cannot read but took his time out of his day to teach paul how to excel at something that he did know how to do and knew how to do it very well . paul returns this favor to the best of his ability by trying to help mr . leonard learn how to read . paragraph says c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward the school . it s time to start your training .
the background information that paul finds out about mr . leonard has a good effect on him . when he finds out that mr . leonard was a good athlete but did not finish college it gave paul hope . he realized why mr . leonard was so interested in helping him better himself . mr . leonard helped paul excel and feel like he was worth something . so paul felt as if he had to give a favor in return . so he began teaching mr . leonard how to read .
the background information that paul gets about mr . leonard shocks him . he sees that mr . leonard was an amazing hurdler and he didn t even tell him about it . paul asks why didn t you tell me about this and he got an unexpected answer .
the background information made a similar emotional feeling come back to his mind . this feeling was the way he felt when he was in front of other students and wasn t sure of an answer or couldn t read a passage . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me supports the my opinion that paul knows how mr . leonard feels . the effect of mr . leonard s background information made paul choose to help mr . leonard in reading just as he had helped paul overcome the obstacle of jumping hurdles . this is shown in this passage from the story this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him .
the information paul finds about mr . leonard on the website is surprising to him . he found out that mr . leonard also had and still does trouble reading . mr . leonard was a great hurdler in college and flunked out of school because he could not read . paul finds this to be surprising . he feels empowered to help mr . leonard to learn how to read since mr . leonard has helped him learn to jump hurdles and get pass obstacles like not being able to read very well or at all .
it shows paul that mr . leonard has gone through a lot of the same obstacles that paul has in life . he emotionally talks about how he had gone to college on a track and field scholarship but flunked out because he couldn t read and that really affected paul because he knew that feeling all too well . paul was having to go to a learning center to read so he knew exactly what mr . leonard went through .
learning about mr . leonard s background information gives paul a feeling of empathy and thankfulness for his trainer . paul empathizes with mr . leonard because he understands the embarrassment mr . leonard feels due to his inability to read since he himself has gone through the same experience . paul also feels very thankful for the time and effort mr . leonard has given to help him . he shows this thankfulness with his desire to help mr . leonard learn how to read .
he was a good athlete but he wasnt such a good student . mr . leonard relied on his friends to help him get by . he related to him because he was embarrassed when he got called to read aloud . it doesnt really effect the back ground so much
the background information helps paul relate to mr . leonard . neither of them can read and they are both good at sports .
after paul finds out the background information on mr . leonard he is curious on why he is still not an athlete . he is also curious on why he didnt finish college . but just like paul mr . leonard can not read . paul can feel the emotions that mr . leonard is feeling . paul knew them well because he knew what it felt like to be called upon to read aloud or when he didnt know the answer like everyone else . just like mr . leonard help paul training in becoming a great fast runner paul is taking mr . leonard to the center learning center .
the effect it had on paul was to want to help mr . leonard with his reading ability . soon i realized what i could do for him . c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training .
during the story paul finds out that mr . leonard was an athlete who didn t go far due to his poor reading skills . this information made paul feel more comfortable because he became aware that mr . leonard had the same problem that he has . they re both good athletes who have trouble reading .
when paul found out about mr . leonard s background it was all to familiar to paul . paul said in the story that he knew the emotions in mr . leonard s words to well feelings of embarrassment when called to read aloud or when he didn t know an answer everyone else did know .
i think that when paul gets the background information on mr . leonard he is inspired to be just like him . paul says you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records . this shows that paul is enthused about the fact that the person who taught him to do this is a professional in his eyes .
the effect it has on paul is to motivating . paul learned that mr . leonard was a great track runner in college . paul is motivated because mr . leonard had the same problems paul is struggling with .
when paul found out background information about mr . leonard he seemed very surprised . he had no idea that mr . leonard was a good athlete or that he had reading trouble before . when he found out about this information he was very me the tic . he said it s time to start your training . in support for him .
the information made paul want to become a better athlete and reader . feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didnt know an answer everyone else knew . line this shows how paul could relate to mr . leonard after he told about his past .
he finds out that mr . leonard is actually a track star and he also can t read very well . in some ways they are very much alike because paul can t read very well either but he is trained to be a great athlete . by finding out more about mr . leonard paul is able to compare himself to him in a role model sort of way . maybe with mr . leonard s help paul will be inclined and encouraged to try and succeed in ways that mr . leonard couldn t .
paul felt like him and mr leonard had stuff in common not knowing to read . he felt like he had to try his best and fulfill mr . leonard tasks . because when mr . leonard was in school he had the same problems as paul and didnt make it cause he couldn t read like he did . so he was going to prove some people wrong and help paul out in hurdle .
he was surprised that mr . leonard was a track star in college and that even though he was a teacher he flunked of of college .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a talented track star he is surprised and confused . then it is clear why mr . leonard took interest in paul and that is because he can relate to him . paul realizes this and connects them with a bond . this bond is that neither of them can read well and when paul sees this he decides to act instead of being told what to do .
mr . leonard had gone through the same thing as paul only he went through high school then college not knowing how to read then he finally flunked out of college and no other college wanted someone that couldnt read . paul was trying to learn how to read and now he had a reason to keep going and not give up .
the background information about mr . leonard has a good effect on paul . it shows paul that he is not alone with his reading problem . also that mr . leonard was a great runner but without education mr . leonard did not become susscce full in life . it shows paul that he has to work hard in every aspect of life . paul learns to be kind and help someone that helped him . like at the end after learning mr . leonard s past and how he can t read . paul offers to train him and help him read .
paul learns that mr . leonard was a poor reader just as paul is . paul now feels like he can accomplish great things if he works hard at them . then at the end he returns him a favor by helping mr . leonard become a better reader .
paul seemed shocked that mr . leonard never told him that he was an awesome runner . but was shocked to find out that mr . leonard never could read . i feel like paul feels better knowing that mr . leonard couldn t read either and that he wants to help mr . leonard out by teaching him how to read better . just like mr . leonard did by helping him get on the track team . i think paul found out at a good time because i feel like that if paul knew that from the beginning he would never actually try to learn to run with mr . leonard .
he is surprised that mr . leonard flunked out of college . he was suspicious so he decide to ask mr . leonard . when he did he found out that mr . leonard couldn t read .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard past it changes his view of mr . leonard . he realizes that the two of them are more alike than he ever would have imagined . he even says that he knew mr . leonard s feelings too well talking about the embarrassment of not being able to read . he also decides that it s his turn to help mr . leonard out after everything that he s done for him . as it turns out mr . leonard and paul are two peas in a pod and it changes paul s view once he realizes it .
when a coach hides something from you feel suspicious and want get in on the action . when he hid that secret about him quitting track because of his grades shocked the narrator .
mr . leonard couldn t read and he wanted to make something of himself just like paul . paul was getting tired of getting chose last for teams and not achieving so he went ahead with mr . leonard s advise . paul soon found out that mr . leonard was just like him and paul wanted to achieve for mr . leonard .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard was a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals he is surprised that mr . leonard had made such an achievement in his past . in return to mr . leonard helping him paul now wants to help mr . leonard learn to read since this is the reason he flunked out of college .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard had been an excellent runner in track he is somewhat confused because as the story says mr . leonard is now only a hall monitor . he wonders what had happened that caused him to drop so low in the order of things . after he talks to mr . leonard though he realizes that it is just as important to have a good education as it is to be good at sports . it inspires him to accept in all areas of his life not just sports or school .
paul finds out that mr . leonard is a poor reader just like himself and i think mr . leonard flunking out of college will push paul to do better in reading .
the narrator is shocked at how good of an athlete he was and did not tell anybody . then the narrator realized that mr . leonard did not tell the whole story about how he could not read and was struggling in college .
he is grateful that mr . leonard had told him his background story because it helped him along the way with his sport . he is glad that he told him so that he knew how he could help him to through out the way .
i think that the information about paul has an effect on him because mr . leonard and him have things in common mr . leonard was a great athlete but was not very good at school . pull had a reading problem which caused him to do poorly in school . both have something in common and mr . leonard telling pull to excel in his school work when he can because when mr . leonard was in school he did not have the same upper ti nu ties that pull does now .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was just like him mr . leonard couldn t read well either .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard never told him and he wants to know why . then he realizes mr . leonard was trying to help him achieve something and he was very grateful and felt that he should do the same for him .
paul started to wonder about himself after mr . leonard told him about how he couldn t read and that he relied on his friends to help him through high school . paul started to realize that he was going down the same path that his teacher was going through when he was younger . so paul decides to teach his teacher how to read once and for all .
when paul found out about mr . leonard background he was shocked to knew that he was a track star that went to college but flunked out of it because he wasnt able to read and their was no one to help him .
the background information that paul got on mr . leonard made paul want to try harder to read . paul knew that he was good at track but not good at school . when he found out that mr . leonard was the same way but then got kicked out of track for not being able to read it made paul only want to try harder .
the background information on mr . leonard surprises paul . it also very much encourages him to push and try even harder . he also felt the feeling that his coach felt back in his college days when he couldnt read . paul goes and helps mr . leonard as he help him .
after paul learns about mr . leonard s past he feels that he can better relate to mr . leonard because they are both unable to read . knowing that mr . leonard had flunked out of college even though he was a major meter sprinter really let paul understand the seriousness of working hard and learning to be all that you could be . he learned that he had to be determined no matter how discouraging the lack of reading skills truly is .
during the story when paul gets background information about mr . leonard he gains a new respect for the teacher and becomes a closer friend . this can be seen in the text because in the last two paragraphs it is implied that paul would help mr . leonard learn to read .
he feels like he knew exactly where mr . leonard was coming from . he also didn t know how to read and was becoming a great athlete . he is also empathetic towards mr . leonard . at the end of the story paul tells mr . leonard it s time to start your training . indicating that he is going to help mr . leonard learn to read .
the effect that the background information has on paul is that he is amazed that mr . leonard was a hurdle runner . in fact he won the meter hurdles at the nationals and broke many of records . after hearing this paul wanted to help train him with his reading .
at first paul is curious wondering why mr . leonard was acting solemnly and then comes to realize why from mr . leonard s story . as paul listens he feels familiar emotions coming from mr . leonard emotions paul himself feels when he is in certain situations . as mr . leonard finishes paul indirectly offers to help mr . leonard with learning to read better .
he understands why he was helping him out with the hurdles . it was like his obstacle in school when he didn t know how to read but his friends helped him out through school and the learning center for paul was like mr . leonard friends . but once he got to college his friends weren t there to help him out anymore . mr . leonard wants paul to go onto college and make records and do what he wanted to do when he was in college but couldn t because he couldn t read and that what made him drop out .
paul is proud that the man who has been coaching him is a great athlete himself but wonders why he never ran after his freshman year . he then wants to coach mr . leonard in reading like mr . leonard coached him in track .
paul knew exactly how mr . leonard felt about not knowing how to read . paul felt the embarrassment he felt when he had read aloud in front of the class or having to answer questions he didn t know the answer too .
mr . leonard s background effects paul because it realizes that he he is a lot like his self . mr . leonard had reading problems when he was around paul age and he was usually picked last for sports . that is when he found hurdles .
this information gives paul a whole new view of mr . leonard . he sees a new man every time he looks at him because he never saw the track star in their school s hall monitor in the past . now he sees something totally new a new insight to mr . leonard s ideology a new perspective from the man who got him started doing hurdles . the narrator s shock flows out of him when he asks mr . leonard why he didn t tell him about his past . then when mr . leonard explains why he dropped out of school paul is bewildered but this gives him a new drive to do well in the learning center . this also gives him the idea of getting mr . leonard some help with the learning center . the information about his past spurs all of the reader s actions in the sequence of events that make up the falling action and resolution .
he knows where leonard is coming from because he isnt that good of a student either . he then wants to help leonard because he had helped him with track . i found this out from the last two paragraphs of the story .
paul is concerned that mr . leonard didn t tell paul about his track career before . when he asks mr . leonard about it he finds that mr . leonard can t read either . he sees that even though mr . leonard can t read he still had a great accomplishment . this gives paul hope that he can be good at something too .
it helps deviate him to become a better reader and to try to help someone less fortunate .
paul realized mr . leonard was like him in many ways . he realized that although he couldn t read either mr . leonard succeeded in a way . paul has the opportunity to do something mr . leonard couldn t be a good athlete and learn to read . mr . leonard didn t have learning centers paul realized how blessed he really was .
mr . leonard was just like paul at his age . he could not read . but then mr . leonard does what his former coaches did for him and paul taught mr . leonard how to read .
mr . leonard background information affects paul because it show paul if you work hard you can reach you goals . it also show how people can help other people . mr . leonard background show his difficulty in reading just like paul . paul even states the emotion in mr . leonard s words were all to familiar to me .
after paul finds out that mr . leonard used to be a great track star is surprised that mr . leonard never told him about running in college . when mr . leonard explains to paul that he could not read and flunked out of college paul knows how mr . leonard felt because he could not read at the beginning of the story . after paul hears mr . leonard tell him about his reading troubles he takes mr . leonard to the learning center to help him for once learn how to accomplish something .
he was kind of concerned why mr . leonard never mentioned that he was a great runner that broke records .
after paul finds out the background information about mr . leonard he realizes that he is in the same position as mr . leonard . the teacher could not read when he was in high school either and did not get the best grades and he could not read . paul realizes that if he keeps working in the learning center and gets better at reading and when he gets really good at track he could be in the same place mr . leonard was but farther . paul realizes that him and his coach could become very close because he is in the same position as mr . leonard was when he was his age and the coach wants to help him achieve and go very far .
the effect the background information about mr . leonard is encouraging to paul . paul knows how it feels to not be able to read so he wants to help mr . leonard . at the end of the story he walks back to the school telling mr . leonard that it s time to start his training . the background information of mr . leonard encourages paul to help the hall monitor out .
paul is a younger version of mr . leonard when he was a high school student . he saw that mr . leonard achieved by training for the hurdles but he didn t have enough courage to learn to read . he wanted to become something in life like mr . leonard and after the information he found out he decided that school work was very important . he also decided that mr . leonard did him a favor so he will teach him how to read in return .
mr . leonard s story has a powerful effect on paul . it helps him realize that he is not alone in his struggles . many people have gone through what he is going through . they had a lot in common . paul knew the feelings and emotions that come from a reading disability . paul is actually lucky . when mr . leonard was in school they didn t have learning centers to help people read . paul has been presented with an opportunity that he never received . paul looks at what he has been given and the time and effort mr . leonard has put into him and decides that he should give something back . he takes mr . leonard to the school for some training in reading .
it makes him surprised and made him wonder why he wasn t still doing hurtles until he found out from mr . leonard that he couldn t read . the narrator was very impressed especially with him winning the meter hurtles at the nationals and the fact that he broke records .
the effect that the background information had on paul was shock . he was surprised to find out that this man that was coaching him was a track star . paul was also confused . he wondered why mr . leonard didn t tell him this . paul asked why didn t you tell me about this paul couldn t believe it . that is why i think paul was both shocked and confused .
when paul learns that mr . leonard s track career ended because of receiving poor grades paul felt sorry for him . he knew mr . leonard was a nice man and had gone out of his way to help him so paul automatically wanted to return the favor by helping mr . leonard in his struggles as well . paul relates to mr . leonard in the way that he knows what its like to be one of the ones who doesn t get good grades and being embarrassed about the fact of not being able to read near as well as others . paul immediately realizes all that mr . leonard has helped him accomplish and he wants to help mr . leonard accomplish something of his own .
the background information that paul received about mr . leonard helped him to realize why mr . leonard had been helping him to excel at running . paul felt a connection with mr . leonard and wanted to do whatever he could to help mr . leonard achieve his goals in return for mr . leonard helping paul to learn how to run . this is evident in the story in paragraph where paul narrated this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . paul also said in paragraph that the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . . . feelings of embarrassment . . . paul was now able to empathize with mr . leonard just as mr . leonard empathized with him and an even stronger friendship between them was formed .
learning about mr . leonard s past helps paul in many ways . when he realizes that mr . leonard was a successful hurdler he feels proud and surprised that mr . leonard would take the time to help paul succeed . when paul discovers about mr . leonard s struggle to learn paul feels a connection with him . he understands how mr . leonard felt and after hearing his story he knows that he wants to do well in school . before he didn t realize how much not being able to read could effect your future . learning mr . leonard s background information helped paul be even more determined to succeed .
the background information had a positive effect on paul it gave him the motivation to overcome the hurdles he was going through . even tho mr . leonard wasn t the strongest student he was able to compete athletic . it helped connect the two .
the information that paul receives from the website the track coach gave him made paul realize something . when mr . leonard asked paul about the learning center mr . leonard let paul go after he told him he couldnt read . now the information that paul got effected him by making him realize that since he cat read it doesnt mean that he cant be good at other things like sports . because after paul gave the information printout to mr . leonard mr . leonard told him that since he couldnt read he had to quite track because he couldnt read and because of his grades in school . and after he was told that paul realized that mr . leonard was just like him in the sense that they both couldnt read and that since mr . leonard helped him paul has to help mr . leonard learn to read .
paul knows how mr . leonard feels he also has a difficulty reading and he understands how it feels to be embarrassed about the lack of reading skills . this brings him closer to mr . leonard because he starts to realize they are alike in many ways other than running .
paul was surprised and when he confronted mr . leonard about it wanted to know why he had quit . he pressed for the answer by asking well what happened after that . mr . leonard explained that he had been a good runner but had struggled with the school work and lost his scholarship causing him to flunk our of college . paul felt he could relate to mr . leonard about the familiar feeling at not doing well at school and realized what he could do for him . telling him c mon mr . leonard as they walked back towards the school . it s time to start your training . . so now they have both learned something from each other one was how to work hard and become good at a sport and then teach one how to read better .
paul is effected by mr . leonard s background information because mr . leonard can t read just like paul and mr . leonard could have been a huge track star if he would have focused on his school work in high school . paul is motivated to work harder on his work at school now because he wants to be somebody .
the background information paul gets on mr . leonard effects him because he finds out he is being taught by a former great . this boosts his confidence on becoming an athlete and makes paul want to achieve goals . when paul learns mr . leonard flunked out it motivates him to try to get better as a student because without the grades he would never make it in college . he also wants to return the favor by teaching mr . leonard how to read .
the background information changes paul s view on the mr . leonard . he knows now that he can help mr . leonard read while mr . leonard teaches him how to hurdle in a sort of compensation in paul s eyes . paul feels more motivated at the end of the story because mr . leonard is like him in so many ways that he feels he can achieve something like he had done in college .
paul became very compassionate after getting information from mr . leonard . paul started to understand how mr . leonard feeling about his life so paul decided to teach him how to read . also paul got some motivations for himself by the story of mr . leonard . he found although he is a good athletic in hurdler he still have to study very hard . he still should finish his college and get his scholarship . because he learned how study is important for an athletic from mr . leonard s experience . no college would like to have a athletic who does not know how to read . that made paul want to study harder than before .
the effect on the information that paul has received is remarkable information to him . he finds out that the teacher that is willing to help succeed and was doing it with a hurdle was actually a really good hurdler in school . when paul takes back the information to ask mr . leonard about the article . paul comes with a grin on his face that to me seems like hes amazed and feels pretty grateful for someone like mr . leonard to come and encourage him to keep trying with the hurdle .
the background information about mr . leonard excites paul because paul is liking doing track every day and is amazed by the success that mr . leonard has had with track in college . then the information about how mr . leonard couldnt read inspires paul because paul is going through the same thing .
paul feels he can relate to mr . leonard . paul knows how if feels to not be able to read . he knows how it feels to be embarrassed when called upon to read aloud . also he knows how it feels to not know the answer that everyone else knew .
the background information about mr . leonard motivated paul and encourage him of working harder . there are many plots that can support the point among which one detail is predominant . as it is mentioned in the paragraph when paul heard the experience of mr . leonard he felt the same way as he is not a good reader and always feels the embarrassment when answering questions in front of the class . mr . leonard s story motivated him and implied the fact that if he doesn t study hard and give it up it will cause a great pity in his life . from what has been discussed above the background information of mr . leonard had a positive influence on paul motivated him to work hard and made him eager to provide help for mr . leonard .
paul is amazed . he couldn t believe that he broke records in the meter hurdles in college .
paul was surprised to find out that mr . leonard had at one time run track . this is evident in paragraph line two when paul pulls the printout from his pocket and asks why didn t you tell me about this paul also began to relate to mr . leonard after mr . leonard told him that he also couldn t read . this fact can be found in paragraph lines through when paul said i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . finally paul felt that he should be kind and help mr . leonard learn to read just as mr . leonard had helped him learn to jump hurdles . the final paragraph reads c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training .
paul found out that mr . leonard couldn t read like himself . he also found out that mr . leonard was a track star and that he couldn t go any further in track than he did because he couldn t read . with finding that out paul wanted to go further so he knew he needed to work hard to improve on his reading and also that maybe him and mr . leonard could work on it together .
the background information that paul discovers about mr . leonard helps paul realize that mr . leonard is trying to help paul in life because no one helped mr . leonard . instead of just letting paul continually struggle through life and not have anyone to help him mr . leonard steps up and gives paul what mr . leonard himself never had .
the background information that paul learns about mr . leonard surprises him and it encourages him to help mr leonard . it surprises paul because he asks mr . leonard about why he never told him that he was a track star . the information also encourages him because at the end of the reading paul decides to teach mr . leonard how to read .
he finds out that mr . leonard is a poor reader and paul is also a poor reader and it makes him want to try harder .
paul feels the same mr . leonard does the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all to familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . this man had to given the time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . paul is really familiar with these and feels that now he can do something for mr . leonard too . c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training . paul is inspired to help out mr . leonard so he can properly read even though he flunked college he is eager to help . it s one of the best things to do is help someone even if they are or years old they can always learn new tricks .
it makes paul feel closer to the coach because they both have the same reading problems . also they are both good hurdler .
when mr . leonard tells paul the college scouts told me that my grades didn t matter that i d have tutors to help me but college work was a whole lot harder than high school work . i lost mt scholarship and flunked out . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . i feel that it opened paul eyes and made him think if himself . i believe that information made paul think of his future and how him and mr . leonard aren t that different . also when paul says c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training . i feel paul and mr . leonard are closer because mr . leonard told paul those secret things about him .
it has a very big effect on paul because mr . leonard went to college to be on the track team and he flunked out because he was not a good student paul is also having a problem with his grades because he cannot read very well so he goes to the remedial reading program twice a week . and he looks up to mr . leonard because he is going through the same thing that he did . mr . leonard flunked out of college because the college scouts told him that there would be tutors at the college that could help him get his grades up but there were not any so he flunked . mr . leonard wanted to show paul that he could do anything that he worked at and kept practicing .
well paul dose not know how to read that good . and when he gets on the url and when he asked mr . leonard about it and he says he dose not know how to read . paul knows how that feels . and then he rose and showed him how to read .
the background information about mr . leonard makes paul realize that even though he might be terrible at reading he needs to keep practicing and overcome his fears just like he has done with the hurdles .
paul learns that mr . leonard was very good at track in college . it effects paul because paul is pretty much just like mr . leonard he is good at track but not so good in school .
paul feels some what connect to mr . leonard seeing how they both have reading disability and now they are both good at jumping hurdles . mr . leonard that since he didnt get proper help with his reading problem and paul was that paul could do better then him with reading and track .
mr . leonard helps paul find something that he can be good at and paul probably takes mr . leonard s kindness for granted . he is certainly grateful for mr . leonard s kindness but fails to see mr . leonard s motives . when paul learns about mr . leonard s background about his track and field records and how he flunked out of college it profoundly changes paul s view of mr . leonard . according to paul this man had given his time to help me excel at something . he realizes that mr . leonard fully understands paul and that he s trying to give paul confidence to succeed . mr . leonard s story also encourages paul to help mr . leonard in return by helping him improve his reading skills .
in the story the track coach advises paul to look up background information on mr . leonard . the he does he discovers that mr . leonard was just like him . they both had problems reading . therefore paul understood why mr . leonard tried so hard to help him excel at something . paul also understood how mr . leonard felt embarrassment and the longing to be like other kids . it affects paul because now he knows that he can be good at whatever he puts his mind to all thanks to mr . leonard .
the background information on mr . leonard is empowering for paul in specific ways . paul had no idea about mr . leonard because a track and field star but he listened to him anyway when the coach gave him the url to look him up he was surprised . when he confronted mr . leonard about the whole thing he was surprised with his response . he wondered what happened why he hadn t done it since he won the meter hurdles as a freshman . paul could really relate his story to mr . leonard because he as well couldn t read . unlike mr . leonard he had the resources to help with his problem of not being able to read . when mr . leonard was done explaining his story he thought since he help him that he would help him learn how to read . the background information help him connect with mr . leonard on a whole new level .
during the story gifts paul learns some interesting and shocking information about mr leonard . paul finds out that mr . leonard was a meter champion and he questioned him what happened after once mr . leonard reveals the information to paul he was shocked . paul realized that he wasn t alone and he had someone who was like him someone who couldn t read . knowing this paul was released and was glad to help mr . leonard with his reading .
he felt familiar with the emotions of embarrassment that mr . leonard felt . paul was grateful that mr . leonard had given his time to help him succeed at something . he wanted to show respect and help mr . leonard do something too . he wanted to help him learn to read .
during the story paul finds out that mr . leonard was once a great meter hurdler . paul looks up to mr . leonard because he had trouble reading as well . this motivates paul to work hard during school and on the track .
when paul found out that mr . leonard won the meter hurdle he wondered why mr . leonard didnt tell him . they when paul figured out that mr . leonard flunked out of college paul knew felt his pain . paul also has a hard time in school . paul wanted to do something for mr . leonard because he helped him with hurdles . paul is going to help mr . leonard read .
he feels that it was strange that mr . leonard doesn t share with him his past achievements when he s training him to run hurdles . so he is surprised that mr . leonard is such a great hurdler and it prompts him to ask why he didn t continue that career . when paul finds out about mr . leonard flunking out of college he felt sympathetic for him because he couldn t read either .
paul found out that mr . leonard was a track star in college and that he flunked out due to bad grades . paul was surprised that someone that good was teaching to him to succeed like mr . leonard did .
the background information makes paul look at his own life and see that he is struggling with same things that mr . leonard felt with . mr . leonard was a track star it he could not read . he flunked out of college because is his disability to read . at the end of the story paul wants to help mr . leonard out by helping him read .
the background information shown who mr . leonard was in the past . paul seen this and was encouraged by this because he was like mr . leonard . this help him to practice running and he help mr . leonard to practice reading .
in the beginning of the story mr . leonard is the mentor and helps paul feel more involved in more activities than he already was . mr . leonard also helps paul not feel like an outcast . mr . leonard stays after school even longer to help paul . unto kingly mr . leonard has gone through the same trouble that paul is currently facing . paul then later finds that mr . leonard faced the same trouble in high school . paul acts as if he is the mentor when he finds out about mr . leonard s situation in high school . paul act of saying it s time to start your training to mr . leonard shows the value of a true relationship . paul is helping mr . leonard after mr . leonard helped him . one kind act to another is exactly what has happened . without any of the background information none of this would have happened .
the narrator paul is shocked because mr . leonard was helping him and he never told him that he couldnt read either . it drove him to try harder on reading and to help him because mr . leonard never got the chance to get help with reading . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all to familiar to me .
the effect that mr . leonard s background information has on paul is he can relate to him . paul has a difficult time reading and was never involved with sports . mr . leonard can t read but was a very good athlete . both of them are like one another and know how the other feels . they both feel embarrassed because they can t read but like to do hurdles . since paul discovered this information he wants to help mr . leonard read just like mr . leonard helped him learn how to do the hurdles .
he realizes that they are much a like . they both have trouble reading . it changes the way he looks at mr . leonard .
after paul got a background check on mr . leonard it had really touched him . mr . leonard explained to him that he had flunked out . so paul felt empathetic and took him to the learning center .
when reading the article the reader first sees mr . leonard as a kind of mean guy that just likes to heard people along in the hallways at school because he is a hall monitor . later on in the story when mr . leonard takes paul under his wing to teach him how to be a good runner the reader learns that mr . leonard used to be a very successful track runner and used to be very well known . the reader also learns that he flunked out of college and that s why he is no longer a runner . paul is a kid that can t read and mr . leonard seemed to take an interest in him and was going to help him learn how to be a good runner because he thinks it will help him out . paul listens to mr . leonard without any hesitation and quickly learns to run very well . in the process of joining the high school track team paul learns that mr . leonard used to be a very well known track star . this confuses paul on why mr . leonard didn t tell him this . when paul asks why he wasn t told he learns that mr . leonard didn t tell him because he didn t want to brag about how good he used to be and that he was also embarrassed because he had flunked out of school because he couldn t read . the fact the mr . leonard took paul under his wing to help him accomplish things in life better and that mr . leonard wanted to help paul because he never got any help tells the real type of mean mr . leonard is and paul sees that and is very grateful .
the background information that the paul finds on mr . leonard is very emotional for him because he discovers the reason that mr . leonard is so motivated to help him . paul has the same problem that mr . leonard has with reading but the only difference is that paul gets help for his reading and mr . leonard didn t . so when he sees an opportunity to help paul he does and is return paul helps mr . leonard in the end .
during the story the reader gets background information about mr . leonard . the effects of that background information make paul realize that he needed to work hard for things that he wants in life . this information also makes paul realize that he also experiences the same feelings while he s at school . an example with details would be the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . also mr . leonard s background information makes paul want to excel at something and paul wants to help out mr . leonard .
when paul learns about mr . leonard past it shows him that he can overcome his obstacles the way that mr . leonard did . paul understands why mr . leonard put so much effort into him . also he should continue with his training so that he can get a scholarship like mr . leonard .
i think that the background effected paul in a good and bad way . paul understands and knows how mr . leonard feels . paul tells mr . leonard to come on and that it is time to start his training .
in the story paul learns that mr . leonard was very talented at hurdles and even broke records as a college freshman . i think that this information paul learns has him a little confused on what happened to make mr . leonard in the position that he is today . when mr . leonard explains to him that he wasnt the strongest student and cant read very well it ties the whole story together and i think paul then realizes why mr . leonard wants to train him . in the end of the story they kinda let us believe that paul is going to now help mr . leonard with his reading .
paul had no idea that mr . leonard was such a famous track star . he was in shock when he found out the mr . leonard had won so many trophy s and that he won the meter in hurdler .
that he didnt know that he was a track star when he went to collage and then mr . leonard told him that he dropped out because he didnt know how to read its was the same thing for paul because he is good at hurdles but he is only in high school but he also does not know how to read but he is getting help and can read a little bit and is going to teach mr . leonard how to read to .
paul can t read just like mr . leonard . paul knew how mr . leonard felt because he too could not read . paul then started to train mr . leonard too read because he helped paul with something paul wanted to return the favor .
during the story the readers gets background information about mr . leonard . the background information effected paul because they both had things in common . they both couldn t read well . the response with details from the story include the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew .
paul is surprised that mr . leonard failed his collage classes and at the end he makes the effect to help mr . leonard to read
mr . leonard use to be a big track star . he was and excellent athlete but just like paul he struggled with learning and reading . he kept the information about his past away from paul because he was extremely embarrassed about him failing and flunking out of college . when paul found out about mr . leonard accomplishments he was confused as to why he never said anything to him . then mr . leonard explained to him about how he was never a very good student but colleges didn t care because he was such a great athlete . when paul is told that he was a awful reader also he felt compelled to invite mr . leonard to his learning center .
when paul found out that mr . leonard won the meter hurdles he was surprised . when he seen mr . leonard the next day at practice he asked why he did not tell paul about his award and record breaking college life . mr leonard responded with things were different back then the college scouts told me that my grades didn y matter that i d have tutors to help me but college work is a whole lot harder then high school work . i lost my scholarship and flunked out . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . so in the end paul had realized mr . leonard had changed his life so it was time to change his . paul took him to class and said c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
i think it gives paul some encouragement knowing that he was taught and trained by a national winner in track . it also opens up a few connections he as with mr . leonard about being able to talk about track instead of just the learning center . mr . leonard is a role model of paul
the background information about mr . leonard affects paul by making him want to help mr . leonard with reading like he had helped paul with running . paul had experienced some of the same things that mr . leonard described from college .
he felt connected to him because he knew how it felt to be embarrassed about not being able to read well . he wants to repay him for all the help mr . leonard gave him .
paul learns that mr . leonard is both a track star and a poor reader . they display some of the same traits . paul is empathetic towards mr . leonard and vice versa because of their similarities . paul even suggests he can relate to mr . leonard s embarrassment of not finishing college . mr . leonard saw the same characteristics in paul that he saw in himself and helped him to excel at something . in the same way paul wishes to assist mr . leonard to achieve something .
when paul gets background information about mr . leonard paul feels empathetic for him . the background information makes paul want to help mr . leonard because he feels the same way . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew .
what paul had found out i think helped him to pursue in his learning and to help him be good in the hurdles . i think that paul started to think to realize that education is one of the highest things that you can get . paul saw mr . leonard as a great athlete who didn t have the good grades to finish the total package . i think that paul will learn that you have to be smart and have an education and then the rest will come later .
paul was concerned about why mr . leonard never told him about this . mr . leonard told his story and explained why he it made him sad and how he dropped out of college for poor grades and became a hall monitor . paul related to how he felt being part of a select few not knowing how to read . paul responds by offering mr . leonard training .
paul couldn t believe the details about mr . leonard s past and wonders why mr . leonard never shared this with him . mr . leonard was a fantastic hurdler but not isn t very studious . mr . leonard couldn t read so he flunked out of college and was embarrassed about it . this is similar to paul s situation . they both are good hurdlers they couldn t read and they felt embarrassed about it . so once paul hears about how mr . leonard can t read he wants to train him to read just like mr . leonard trained paul to be a good hurdler .
the effect it had on paul was that he didn t understand it that why he says to mr . leonard why didn t you tell me about this and mr . leonard tells him about being a star athlete but not a good student . and explains that he couldn t read just like paul . and i think paul could relate to that and apply it to his own situation .
when the narrator gets background information about mr . leonard he learns that mr . leonard was a very talented track star . paul then realizes why mr . leonard was willing to help him to keep improving at track because mr . leonard wanted the narrator to succeed . mr . leonard wanted the narrator to succeed because of what happened to himself .
the background information about mr . leonard inspires paul to not only practice track but excel in his schoolwork also . it even inspires paul to start to teach mr . leonard how to read . as we see when he says suddenly i realized what i could do for him . it s time to start your training .
i believe it makes paul realize what kind of person mr . leonard is . it helps paul realize why mr . leonard has been helping him and encouraging him to do his best at the hurdles . he also realizes that those two are very much the same because they both aren t good at reading
when paul gets the background information on mr . leonard this effects paul in a good way . paul now understands why mr . leonard wanted to help paul be on the track team . paul understands now why mr . leonard pushed him to reach his goal . paul understood why he didnt remember his name from the past because he found out that mr . leonard was a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals and broke records but he also realized the mr . leonard didnt know how to read just like him . he found out that mr . leonard wanted him to have a reason to learn how to read and to take advantage of the reading center so paul could learn how to read because mr . leonard didnt have the opportunity .
the background information influences paul to push himself . he says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . . . . this man had given me his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . this also wants paul to do something nice and helpful for mr . leonard he says it s time to start your training . meaning he wants to help him learn how to read .
paul finds out that mr . leonard won the meter hurdles at nationals and broke records . after paul found out that mr . leonard had to drop out of college . the reason being he couldn t read paul saw a little of himself in him and told him that he will teach him how to read since he taught him how to jump hurdles .
when paul learns that mr . leonard won nationals in the meter hurtles as a freshman he is immediately inspired . paul realizes that he is being coached by an expert . then paul finds out that the reason mr . leonard stopped running track was because he lost his scholarship because he couldn t read . this was exactly like paul which is why paul helps mr . leonard with reading at the end of the story .
in the story mr . leonard helps paul become a good athlete after learning that he can t read . paul works hard and deserves his spot to work with the high school team . the coach gives paul a website to look at . on the website he sees someone he has grown close to . mr . leonard was a track star . he went to college on a scholarship and broke many school records . as college life caught up with him he realized that he couldn t do it . he didn t know how to read . as time went on he failed out . paul can see himself through mr . leonard . he sees that he cannot read just like mr . leonard . he sees that he has become quite the athlete just like mr . leonard . he wants to try to do something for himself because of the affect mr . leonard had an on him . he worked with mr . leonard and never gave up on him just like he was not given up on . this story can relate to many people . we need to work at things we think we can t do . with a little training we can do whatever . paul was more than happy to help his new friend . he wanted to show him that he would reach out to him in the same way mr . leonard reached out . he would help him overcome his obstacles .
when paul learned that mr . leonard had been a poor reader like paul and had flunked out of college paul felt empathy for him . then paul offered to help mr . leonard read which shows that paul felt bad and wanted to help .
during the story the reader gets background information about mr . leonard . the background information has an effect on paul because paul can relate to it . mr . leonard had trouble with reading but at his school they didn t have a learning center . mr . leonard was great at track and lost his scholarship because he couldn t read . mr . leonard started helping paul because paul has trouble reading too but wants him to enjoy things in life and overcoming obstacles .
paul was very surprised mr . leonard didn t tell him about winning the meters in college and breaking records . paul realized that when mr . leonard talked with him about no being able to read and flunking out that he was embarrassed . mr . leonard couldn t read and had other students help him get by . paul felt the sam way because he was embarrassed when he got called on to read in school .
when paul gets the background information on mr . leonard he was surprised because he didnt know that mr . leonard had went to college and won the so meter dash . so paul asked him what happened after that and mr . leonard told him and you could tell of the sad emotions in his voice of being a good athlete but not having the good grades to continue on the track team even when your friends are trying to help you and its all because you dont how to read . when paul thought about that and it occurred to him that mr . leonard had taken the time to help him excel at track he know what to and he said come on mr . leonard its time to start your training .
throughout the story gifts paul is a middle schooner who is in a remedial reading program at his school s learning center . every week paul passes mr . leonard a hall monitor on his way to remediation . every week mr . leonard asked the same question where are you going . when paul reveals to mr . leonard that he cannot read mr . leonard is empathetic at first asking paul to meet him after school . paul complies and meets mr . leonard in the gym where a basketball team is playing . after they go out onto the track . mr . leonard makes paul run laps while hurdling . it is later revealed that mr . leonard was a high school national hurdling champion who received a scholarship for his hurdling . however mr . leonard flunked out of college and lost his scholarship because he couldn t read . learning this makes paul feel connected to mr . leonard through his feelings of mutual embarrassment and learning disability and decided to train mr . leonard to read as he taught paul how to hurdle .
paul struggles with his reading and has to go to remedial reading classes to improve his reading skills with his tutor . as he improves in the hurdles he is asked to join the track team . he then learns mr . leonard broke records at college nationals . however when paul learns mr . leonard is illiterate he feels sympathetic because they have a common condition . mr . leonard is likely trying to work out his own shortcomings by making paul a good student and athlete .
he realizes that mr . leonard was kind of like him in a way they both aren t that good at reading but they both are into sports one more than the other but paul gets shown that mr . leonard is happy with the learning center and how they are helping kids read cause he never got that chance .
when paul found out that mr . leonard was an amazing college track star paul was amazed . paul was also a little sympathetic of mr . leonard because he lost his scholarship and couldnt finish college because he couldnt read . paul is sympathetic and wants to help mr . leonard to read .
after learning of the background information paul feels more connected to mr . leonard . he understands why mr . leonard has been helping him . paul and both mr . leonard can t read but they both excel in jumping hurdles . mr . leonard helps to push paul on and off the track to perform well and try hard . when paul finds out the information he decides it is his turn to return the favor and he takes mr . leonard to the learning center . hopefully they can both learn to read and help each other along the way .
paul gets a little surprised on what he finds out about mr . leonard . paul wonders why mr . leonard is still not doing the track meets still . when paul finds out that mr . leonard can not read he wants to help him . paul thought since he got a little help that he could help mr . leonard .
the background information that paul has on mr . leonard effects him by showing him the importance of knowing how to read and being an educated person . when paul first finds out mr . leonard stopped running because he flunked out of college because he did not know how to read he is sympathetic towards him . paul realizes that he needs to be able to read and be educated so that he can be a good athlete and an educated person .
as paul acquires background information about mr . leonard he begins to see why mr . leonard is helping him and what he is doing . when paul discovers that mr . leonard was a track star he begins to question why he decided to help me become a runner . paul learns that mr . leonard was not a good student and could barely read paul felt empathetic towards mr . leonard being in the sam situation as he is . so paul decides to offer his help and teach mr . leonard how to read .
paul now understands why mr . leonard did not know his name . paul was happy that mr . leonard helped him and paul wanted to help him back by teaching him hoe to read . mr . leonard was a star in college and wanted paul to succeed .
the background information he receives gives him a new outlook on mr . leonard and he decides to ask him about what he read . when he finds out the whole story he decides to teach mr . leonard to read .
paul feels that since mr . leonard took his time to help him excel at something he should him mr . leonard with something as well . paul sympathizes with him because he has a hard time reading too .
the effect the background information has on paul is that paul realizes he can help mr . leonard . when paul finds out mr . leonard use to run track real good in college he was curious as why he didnt tell him . when he asked him about it and said he flunked out of college because his school abilities went very great paul decided he could help mr . leonard as mr . leonard helped him .
well the strongest effect that website about mr . leonard had on paul was shock and surprise . if i were paul i would be honored that a former track star was willing to work with me . and train me . but yes i am sure that paul was very surprised once he looked up the website .
the reader learns that mr . leonard was a star athlete but he flunked out of school due to bad grades . the reader can see that this information has a great effect on paul . paul can relate to mr . leonard because he is not a good reader either . the information gives paul motivation to never give up on school or athletics . it also gives paul inspiration . he is so moved by the help from mr . leonard and by mr . leonard s story that he decides to help mr . leonard become a better reader .
the background information that paul learns about mr . leonard effects him because he realized that mr . leonard was a great track star in college but he flunked out of school because he could not read and he could no longer run track . now mr . leonard is helping a kid who was is in the same situation as he was when he was younger . when paul learned that mr . leonard could not read he realized what he could do to help out the same person who had helped him .
paul relates to him because he has the same difficulties as mr . leonard . they can not read very well . they are also embarrassed about what happened to them not knowing the answers for paul and flanking out for mr . leonard .
paul is puzzled by finding out about mr . leonard s past which he was a meter hurdle nationalist . but after he explained about hies past to paul . he realized that he was in the same position as mr . leonard .
in the story the background information about mr . leonard is that he was a very talented track star and that like paul he could not read . it has an effect on paul because he finds himself similar to mr . leonard and also is intrigued by his past . the reader is informed by this when paul prints off the information about mr . leonard and confronts him about it .
paul finds out that mr . leonard had previously went to a college for sports and they told him that his grades didn t matter . so paul took that in as something that he could do . because later on in the story you find out that mr . leonard is a very poor reader as well . so that is an inspiration to paul .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard won the meter hurdles and broke records when he was a college freshman it made him curious as to why he never told him about it . when he confronted mr . leonard about his achievements and asked him why he didn t mention them he learned that mr . leonard also had a reading problem . that is when paul realized that he and mr . leonard were alike in that way . then he decided that he would help mr . leonard with his reading because he had helped him overcome something .
paul feels empathy for mr . leonard when he learns about mr . leonard s background information . paul and mr . leonard were once in the same situation except that mr . leonard didn t have support or help from anyone for his reading problem . in the end of the story paul takes mr . leonard to help him with his reading disability .
it motivates paul to help someone out just like it did with mr . leonard . since paul has the same problem as mr . leonard he decides to help him out .
when mr . leonard gives paul some background information on his life paul begins to relate to him . paul starts to think about how he and mr . leonard are similar and how they both deal with a learning disability . this made paul feel emotional because he knows how mr . leonard had felt when he got embarrassed because he was unable to read .
the background information that paul gets about mr . leonard allows him to relate to him more . he finds out that mr . leonard was a track star and paul looks up to him for that . paul also finds out that mr . leonard failed out of college because he could not read . when paul finds this out it allows him to relate to mr . leonard and understand how he felt in school . paul realizes that this could be the beginning of a great friendship where mr . leonard teaches him about track and he will try to help mr . leonard learn how to read .
paul was very surprised that he didn t tell him . mr . leonard is embarrassed for flunking out of college . mr . leonard didn t want paul to think poorly of him for flunking out even though he was a wonderful athlete . paul greatly appreciated that an old star was helping him with his hurdles now . paul was honored for mr . leonard help .
when he finds out that paul was a a college hurdler he was impress that he won the and is kind of curious why he quit and then he tells him that he couldnt read .
the background on mr . leonard has a great effect on paul . paul realizes that you don t have to know how to read to be good in a sport . like mr . leonard he got into college for track the coaches said he would get tutors and they could teach him how to read . all though he didn t learn how to read in college he still had something to be proud about . first man to make it into college without knowing how to read that should be a great accomplishment .
paul was shock to find out the mr . leonard broke records back in his college years . he won the meter hurdles at the national but drop out of college . mr . leonard had trouble reading and end up losing his scholarship and flunked out of college . paul wanted to help out mr . leonard just like mr . leonard help him out .
the effect that background information has on paul is that he has someone who can empathize with him . mr . leonard could not read either so to have someone like him motivate him inspired him to do better . he knows that mr . leonard s intention were true that he does not want paul to flunk out of college like he did . he did not want paul to go through what he did . he wants paul to achieve success . paul knew how embarrassing it was to not know how to read when called upon so he knew how mr . leonard felt . he wants mr . leonard to do the same he did .
in the story paul gets background information on mr . leonard . this makes paul see him in a different light . it makes paul wonder why mr . leonard would spend the time to coach him . paul is very surprised to see that he was once a great track star and also struggled with reading .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard was such a good track star and is now only a person who checks hall passes and not a famous athlete . paul is curious as to what happened to his career as a track athlete . when mr . leonard tells paul of why he is where he is today paul can only feel surprised and empathetic to how mr . leonard feels due to the fact he too has reading difficulties .
paul is puzzled by the information that he finds . he asks mr . leonard what happened and he acts concerned about it . after mr . leonard tells him what happened paul realizes that this man is helping him become something he never got to become so paul decides to help mr . leonard in return and tells him to come with him to begin training . he is going to teach him how to read .
paul was given information about mr . leonard from when he was younger . about how he could not read and that effect on paul was that he could relate to his situation . paul grabbed mr . leonard hand and told him now its time for your training . once again in others words paul was about to get mr . leonard some help with his reading problem . just like mr . leonard helped paul with his training for track .
paul was surprised at the information he obtained regarding mr . leonard s past . he was surprised at at how mr . leonard had never shared his elite college hurdling experience . when mr . leonard explains as to why paul was attentive and sympathetic . like paul mr . leonard was not a very good reader as made apparent by his college background . paul connects with mr . leonard and decides that he should be trained how to read better similar to how paul was trained to jump hurdles .
mr . leonard was a track star when he was young . he also was bad at reading just like paul . when figures out that mr . leonard flunked out of college it gives paul motivation to strive to do good in school and on the track .
paul gets some interesting background information on mr . leonard . paul ends up finding out the his track coach mr . leonard used to be a track star . by breaking records at his old high school he would go on to collage and run track . there too mr . leonard s freshmen year in collage he won the meter hurdles at nationals . this surprised paul because he had no idea that this coach that was training him used to be really good at track .
it made him respect mr . leonard even more because they were alike . and he knew that mr . leonard was trying to make him succeed unlike he did .
mr . leonard past effects paul since mr . leonard had spent his own time helping paul with track . paul is motivated to help mr . leonard after learning about his misfortune in college academics but his superior skill running hurdler . since paul receives help for reading skills he wants to help mr . leonard learn to read since that kept him from being a great track runner .
when mr . leonard is talking to paul about his past track years he told paul he was a good athlete just not a good student . he really connected with paul when he told he couldnt read . when paul heard that they had something in common and he knew how to relate to him .
paul seems very surprised that mr leonard was a track and hurdle runner . he was very happy for him . he was just a little confused on why he did not tell him first . and how he didnt know how to read very well made paul feel like they had more of a connection . paul made a great friend that day .
paul suddenly realizes why this janitor was helping him out so much . paul could relate to him greater from the embarrassment of being called out to read during class and never doing well in school . in the end of the story paul decides that he must help the janitor and teach him how to read .
the background information about mr . leonard helped paul relate to him more making paul want to help mr . leonard by its time to start your training paul means he is going to help mr leonard learn to read .
the background information has an impact on paul because he s not the only one who has trouble reading in the lines the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . shows that paul knows that him and mr . leonard are a lot alike in some ways the whole lines in show that paul knows just what mr . leonard went through and wants to help him in return for helping him .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard flunking out of college after being such a great athlete it motivates him to try harder in school . in paragraph paul relates to mr . leonard s life . paul explains how he feels the same way now as mr . leonard had in the past . this also encourages him to push himself to be able to read better .
paul discovers some information about mr . leonard when he is given the url for the track and field website . paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star . when he seeks mr . leonard out and questions him about his past mr . leonard tells him about his moments of being an athlete and also the bad . mr . leonard lost his scholarship and dropped out of college because he could not read . after being told this paul feels sympathy for him because he too can not read . since mr . leonard helped him he will help mr . leonard .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard struggled reading he was confused . he didn t understand why the coach had kept that from him . after the coach explained himself paul knew how he had felt him being in the same situation . he doesn t feel out of place . because me . leonard had took his own time to help paul paul wanted to do something for mr . leonard as a favor .
by learning about mr . leonard s past it helps paul realize that he is not the only one that has problems with reading . it also taught him that just because you are not good at one doesn t mean you are bad at everything . paul can still succeed and do good in other subjects like hurdles .
the effects that the background information had on paul was that he felt good and surprised because you wouldn t think a hall monitor would be like that . he felt surprised about being trained by mr . leonard because he was a track star in college and set records in the meter .
paul is greatly influenced by mr . leonard s background information and story of his life throughout college . paul goes on to the track and field website that the coach suggested for him to go to only to find out that mr . leonard was a famous hurdler back in college . although mr . leonard was amazing at track and field his grades declined and he flunked out of high school . paul relates to mr . leonard because they both have or had trouble with school and yet they both were great at track . mr . leonard struggled with the same situation as paul which greatly helped paul understand what he needed to do .
the background information had an effect on paul that he felt like he didnt understand what happened to mr . leonard when he broke records in his college classes . paul then understood that when the classes became to hard to mr . leonard and he flunked out that paul was just like him . paul is determined to get mr . leonard back out and training because he feels as if mr . leonard has lost hope .
when the reader gets background information about mr . leonard the effect the background information has on paul makes him see how important learning is . paul can not believe that someone like mr . leonard who was a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals would be helping him with his life part . paul now understands that mr . leonard just wants him to be going on the right path unlike him when he lost his scholarship and flunked out part . mr . leonard life story will make paul understand that no matter how good you are with athletics you always need to have and education .
paul finds out that mr . leonard could not read either . he is touched by this and is then motivated even more to learn to read and to help mr . leonard to read also . the story states this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard being a great college athlete he wonders why he isnt in that sort of field . mr . leonard explains to paul that he flunked out of college for not reading well and paul feels like they are alike in a sense .
at first paul was a little shocked that mr . leonard had not told him about his successes as a runner . the author tells us that mr . leonard smiled sadly after realizing what it was . mr . leonard then went on to explain the whole situation and this inspired paul . after their conversation about mr . leonard s past paul decides to encourage the both of them to begin training together as stated by the final sentence c mon mr . leonard i said walking back to the school . it s time to start your training .
when the coach writes down the url for the track website when paul gets home he checks it out . he finds that mr . leonard used to be on the track team when he was in college . he asked why didnt you tell me about this mr . leonard answered i was a good runner but wasn t a really good student . mr . leonard was a very poor reader and he failed college . since he flunked out of college nobody wanted a runner that couldn t read . now that fault knows the story of someone else he can now look forward to the future and see everything he can accomplish .
the information paul learns inspires him . he realizes that someone else had the same difficulties that he is having . paul doesn t feel so alone anymore . what he learns about mr . leonard gives him hope and makes him want to work hard for mr . leonard . paul wants to be like mr . leonard but instead he wants to survive college . paul can relate to mr . leonard . paul says mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well . paul understands mr . leonard and since mr . leonard helped him he is going to help mr . leonard .
paul becomes curious as to why mr . leonard didn t tell him . after mr . leonard tells him what happened he understands that everyone has difficulties with things and he decides to help mr . leonard with reading . he decides to help mr . leonard overcome his obstacles just as he did paul s .
the background information shows how similar paul and mr . leonard are . paul has empathy for mr . leonard . he is great full for mr . leonard helping him with track so he feels that he in return could help mr . leonard with reading .
paul is shocked by the background information that he receives from mr . leonard . paul first learns that mr . leonard won the four hundred meter hurdles at nationals and broke records . paul is surprised by this because that is a great achievement and is curious what happened after that and why he works at her school . he also learns that mr . leonard can t read and this effects him because she can relate to this because he also can t read and has to go to a learning center to get help .
when mr . leonard tells him that he was a good athlete but nobody wanted a runner who couldn t read paul felt empathetic because he knows how it feels to not be able to read . he also felt sad because mr . leonard was such a good athlete that he broke records but he never got the chance to fulfill his dream because he never learned to read .
it gave paul the bright idea to help mr . leonard read . it also made paul wanna start reading so he dont have to go down the same path mr . leonard did .
the effect paul had from finding out that mr . leonard was a poor student was that he completely understood what mr . leonard had went through . like the text says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud in class or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew paul felt empathy for mr . leonard . it also motivated and encouraged paul to take mr . leonard with him to the learning center and learn how to read like in the text paul says c mon mr . leonard . it s time to begin your training .
when paul sees that mr . leonard was a great high school athlete he is inspired to do his best and be like him . also having someone to look up to that used to do the same thing that you are doing is very nice when trying to accomplish something . when paul learns that his role model was not a good student and cannot read very well he is empathetic for his new friend . now that he and paul have these things in common they will begin to help each other in the areas in which they struggle with .
the background information paul gets about mr . leonard shows him that there are people out there like him and that he can make something of himself . mr . leonard could never read yet he broke records in college . paul has difficulty reading as well and he was always chosen last for sports . with the help of mr . leonard he can make something of himself as well and with the help of paul mr . leonard can finally learn how to read .
the background information gives paul a sense of connection with mr . leonard . this connection rises from the fact that they both struggle with reading . mr . leonard became interested in him because he discovered that paul had to take special classes to improve his reading while mr . leonard never got that help . after paul joined the track team and found why mr . leonard stopped running track he found a way he could repay mr . leonard for training him in hurdles by training him in how to read well . the ending creates a good give take relationship .
when paul realizes that mr . leonard went to college and did great at the hurtles he wonders why he quit . after the confession that mr . leonard could not read paul feels like there is someone who can share what he is feeling . he then feels that since mr . leonard helped him at the hurtles he should help him learn something he never learned how to do . . . read . it is almost a aback deal except paul is happy to help mr . leonard .
mr . leonard checks paul s hall pass twice a week but he can t read paul doesn t realize that this was odd until later . after paul gets a printout of mr . leonard s college career he found out that mr . leonard was a hurdler who broke records . paul can relate to how mr . leonard felt when he had to read or didn t know answers . paul now understood that he could overcome his problems to and become a hurdler like mr . leonard .
paul felt a feeling of understanding . in the text it explains how mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to him because paul knew that feeling of embarrassment when he was called upon to read aloud or when he didn t know an answer that everyone else knew . the background information about mr . leonard helped paul realize how fortunate he was and that he wasn t alone .
paul understood what mr . leonard felt like . he says he knew the feelings well . then he goes on and he describes how he was embarrassed because he couldn t read too . the coach wanted paul to excel at something since he could not read . at the end paul decides to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the background information on mr . leonard helps him relate to paul . in the story paul goes to the learning center to learn how to read better and later paul finds out that mr . leonard cannot read too well either . this brings a closeness and a sense of empathy to paul . since mr . leonard is helping him with track paul figures that he can return the favor by helping him with the tutoring he never got . this shows how grateful paul is .
pull felt some sort of empathy because he knows what it s like not being able to read well . in the story paul knows what mr . leonard went threw it said he knows the feelings of embarrassment when someone called on him to read aloud .
it shows paul that no matter what you need to learn to do things your own self and that no matter how hard the obstacles is you put all your effort and practice and you will get better . mr . leonard didn t know how to read and he found out the hard way that you can t relay on anyone you will have to learn by yourself . pull finds out about mr . leonard and figures out that all he wants to do is to help pull to become better and learn about hard times that he has had in the past and he does not want pull to have the same problem he did .
when paul was res arching on mr . leonard he found out the he to could not read . paul and mr . leonard have that liability to read and that is what brought them to being friends and why mr . leonard brought him to the track to have him jump the hurdles . it teaches paul to overcome the tough ob scale in life as mr . leonard almost did .
paul hears that mr . leonard was a college track star but was kicked off the team due to his poor grades . paul wasn t disappointed in mr . leonard because of his hard times but was inspired to help mr . leonard like he had helped paul .
the effect on paul about discovering the background information on mr . leonard is empathy . paul understands exactly how mr . leonard feels embarrassed . paul feels led that since his coach had taken such an interest in him and took time to help him overcome his obstacles that he should return the favor and help excel mr . leonard with his disability .
as the story begins the reader learns mr . leonard is simply a hall monitor doing his job no one really seems to take notice in him and school goes on in the same way it always does . it isn t until paul gets stopped by mr . leonard one day that we first get a glimpse of who this hall monitor is . many foreshadowing events occur from this point forward the empathy in his eyes when he learns paul can t read the mysterious way he calls paul to the gym and then to the track and even the encouragement he gives to paul gives the reader many hints on who this character is as a person . when the track coach gives paul some interesting information to look up about this said hall monitor that is when we really see who mr . leonard was . we learn how successful he was on the track but when asked about this we also learn how unsuccessful he was off the track . paul is very shocked to hear mr . leonard grabowski was an avid hurdle jumping track participant in his day but when he goes directly to the man behind all of it mr . leonard he gets a more personal outlook on what it was truly like for him . this gives paul a new appreciation for his education but also for mr . leonard after realizing just who this hall monitor once was and in a way still is .
the information that the paul gets about mr . leonard during the story helps him want to train harder because when he found out that mr . leonard could not read and he was a track star in college it motivated him to want to try his hardest at something that he enjoyed doing .
that mr . leonard was good but not school wise . just like paul . so he told mr . leonard its time to start your training
in the story paul gets background information about mr . leonard . paul learns that mr . leonard use to be a really good runner but was bad at reading . this makes paul realize that mr . leonard and him are the same in the way that they are both good runners but bad readers . this gives paul the idea to help mr . leonard learn how to read because mr . leonard taught paul how to run fast .
the background information paul gets about mr . leonard effects paul because he learns that mr . leonard has the same feelings and the same problem he does . that makes paul feel like he isn t alone and that he could try to help mr . leonard with the same problem paul has with reading . it also makes him feel like he can achieve things that he didn t know he could .
when he finds out who mr leonard really is he feel like he should help him out by showing him how to read because mr leonard shows paul how to become faster in running and give good tips
the back round information he receives about mr . leonard s reading problem makes paul want to help him after he has done so much for him .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star in college he then understands why he wants him to learn track because of the similarities they both have .
the affect that the background information has on paul is paul might have been going down the same route as mr . leonard by not knowing how to read . sooner or later paul was going to get tired of trying to learn how to read and drop out . mr . leonard kinda saw his self in paul and didnt want the same thing to happen to paul that happened to him so he made him come to the gym so that he could motivate him .
paul finds the mr . leonard was just like him he was good at sports but he wasnt a good student he relied on friends to help with his school work had a scholarship and flunked out . mr leonard also couldn t read just like paul .
the effect that it has on paul is that he wants to try harder and teach him how to read . the end paul tells him c mon mr . leonard its time to start your training shows that he wants to teach mr . leonard something .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard can t read it motivates him to do better because that shows him that just because you can t do something doesn t mean you re not special in your own ways . mr . leonard teaches paul how to jump hurdles to help him become confident and enjoy life even though he s behind in learning how to read .
it gives paul confidence because now he knows he is not the only one that is not able to read either . at the beginning of the story he felt all alone and was tired of always being the last one chosen for a game . when mr . leonard came along and helped boost his confidence . when he found out the things about mr . leonard it made him want to do good for others that struggle . and so therefore paul wanted to help mr . leonard how to read .
paul was in school and couldn t read . he never knew how to read . he met a school coach began hurdling on mr . leonard s track . became on the track team . paul thought that mr . leonard went to college but he was wrong . mr . leonard flunked . paul read mr . grabowski website and finally figured out that he couldn t read either . he was the same as pull .
paul seem interested in what had happened . he was amazed that mr . leonard had ran track and beat records after doing research on grabowski just like his coach had told him to do . he was curious to why mr . leonard had not ran anymore after that . once paul had found out that mr . leonard had gone through the same thing he was he knew how mr . leonard had felt because he had the same feelings of embarrassment . mr . leonard could not read either so when he went to college he lost his scholarship and flunked out but no other school wanted a runner that could not read . paul then decided to do something for mr . leonard and tell him to start his training .
when paul found out mr . leonard was in track and had broken records he was surprised and wondered why he did not hear about it before . when paul figured out that mr . leonard could not read he felt sympathetic for him because he wasnt good at reading either .
paul is surprised to see that mr . leonard was a excellent runner but he also develops sympathy towards his teacher because he says in line the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment . . . . he almost draws closer to mr . leonard because he realizes they both have something in common .
the effect the background information had on paul was one of surprise . paul had not known that mr . leonard was track star in college when mr . leonard was helping him with hurdles . paul did not realize this not until the high school track coach had told him to a search on mr . leonard .
he realizes that he is just like mr . leonard because they both can not read .
in my understanding it seemed like he was all around surprised because mr . leonard was a track star and the fact he had a reading problem . for the kind and friendly training mr . leonard did paul felt he should return the favor and help him to read .
in the story paul gets information on his track coach mr . leonard an found out that he was a track star in college . mr . leonard had been a very talented runner but unfortunately could not make it through college because he couldnt read consequently getting quicker out . this applies to paul because mr . leonard and he have something in common this inspires paul to do the best he can and to help his coach as well .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard s past he is surprised . paul had no idea that mr . leonard had been a track star . this information encouraged paul to strive in learning to read . at the same time paul could relate to him . paul himself has trouble with reading so he felt empathetic towards mr . leonard .
when paul found the information about him he was surprised . he didnt know that mr . leonard was that great of an athlete . but when he told him he couldnt read he felt that he could help mr . leonard read and he could be come a better athlete and do better in school .
he realizes that mr . leonard is trying to help him because he does not want paul to fail in college like did . paul realizes that mr . leonard is helping him because mr . leonard was in the same position he was in at that age and didnt do anything to better himself and he wants better for paul .
he can relate to him in the way that he can t read very well .
during the story . the reader gets background information about mr . leonard . this background information has an interesting effect on paul because paul is unsure why anyone that good would be unknown . paul assumes that mr . leonard would have told him about his time as a college freshman winning the meter hurdles at nationals breaking the previous record as stated in the text . then after learning the complete story for how mr . leonard went to college still unable to read and flunked out loosing his scholarship . paul then connects this information with how mr . leonard asked his name when he read his pass twice a week every week and concludes that he still is unable to read and paul decides to start tutoring mr . leonard to teach hi to be able to read since mr . leonard had taught him to run and jump hurdles very well .
paul learns that mr . leonard use to be a record breaking member of a track team . after researching him paul asks what happened and mr . leonard explains that his studies werent the best and that he couldnt read . paul felt the same way about himself he to feels embarrassed because he cant read something as good as other people . paul decides that mr . leonard helped him excel at something and that it was time to return the favor by taking him to the learning center .
finding out that mr . leonard couldn t read made paul want to help him learn just like mr . leonard had helped paul become good at jumping hurdles in track .
when paul discovers mr . leonard s past track excellence he becomes inquisitive then empire tic . paul s natural curiosity is demonstrated by his confronting mr . leonard about the startling information he discovered online . his continued curiosity is demonstrated through his continual questioning and prying such as in but you went to college and i pressed . paul later becomes me the tic when he offers to train mr . leonard how to read and when paul states the emotions in mr . leonard voice were all to familiar to paul . when paul confronts mr . leonard his natural curiosity turns to empathy .
when paul learns about who mr . leonard was that inspires paul . paul knows that he is unable to read well but he is able to run well . paul learns that mr . leonard was the exact same way back in his high school years . mr . leonard accomplish much by setting national records and being one of the best runner . this is told when the article says you were a college freshmen who won the ever hurdles at nationals . you broke records . line . this proves to paul that even though he is unable to read well he is still able to be the best at something else i his life . mr . leonard also encourages paul whenever he tells about how he was unable to complete college because he is unable to read . mr . leonard says i lost my scholarship and flanked out . line . this statement is important to paul to because it helps him realize that he still has to learn to read even if he is a good runner . paul learns that his running life and scholarship could be lost too if he doesn t learn to read . so this encourages paul to work hard and learn how to read .
the effects that mr . leonard past was on paul was that it reminded paul of himself . he felt the embarrassment when he was called alone to read or when he did not know an answer every one else new . it all reminded him of mr . leonard who was a track star that flunked out of college because he could not read . paul then deliberates that because leonard is helping him at track he will help leonard read .
paul learns that mr . leonard was a track star in college . paul soon realized that mr . leonard was a superb athlete but was not the best student . mr . leonard tells paul he flunked out of college . knowing this paul is now motivated to take his grades seriously .
the background information that paul receives about mr . leonard motivates him in two ways . it motivates him to work harder on his studies and not repeat the same mistake that mr . leonard made in his college days and it also motivates him to help mr . leonard to learn how to read better . he helps him to read better because of the help mr . leonard provided him in the hurdles . this is in a way his repayment to mr . leonard and it will also help him appreciate school more . the background information helped the paul understand more about mr . leonard while at the same time it helped the reader understand the motives behind what mr . leonard did .
when paul goes to the track coach the coach tells paul to look up the name grabowski . paul follows directions and finds out about mr . leonard s past . the website tells paul that mr . leonard broke the meter hurdle record as a freshman in college . when paul asks mr . leonard about this mr . leonard commences to tell paul that he was a fantastic runner but a less than average student . paul takes this information as an encouragement . it encourages him to excel in both school and sports . mr . leonard s past also encourages paul to help mr . leonard by helping him learn how to read .
the information concerning mr . leonard gave paul motivation . i believe this is because paul has finally met someone who understands his struggles with reading . after discovering that mr . leonard could not read paul immediately wanted to help him as mr . leonard had helped paul with the hurdles . paul saw that not being able to read had damaged mr . leonard s life and he felt the need to help mr . leonard . paul shows this by saying c mon mr . leonard . it s time to start your training . also seeing their similarities motivated paul to better himself in education and with the hurdles . this is the effect which mr . leonard s background information had on paul .
the information that paul finds about mr . leonard is that he couldn t read in school either but he broke records . paul was shocked that mr . leonard didn t tell him about how good of an athlete he was . paul was also shocked to the discovery that mr . leonard couldn t read either . paul knew that mr . leonard was probably embraced because he couldn t read and paul knew how it felt .
mr . leonard has helped paul building his skill as a hurdler and paul decides to help mr . leonard learn how to read .
after paul learns of mr . leonard s past he is curious and surprised . paul learned of his achievements and wondered why he didn t continue to do track after he won the nationals . it was hard for paul to understand why so much talent went to waste until he found out that mr . leonard wasn t able to read . paul felt closer to mr . leonard because they had the same emotions .
the background information effect on paul is that it inspires him . he sees how even though mr . leonard couldn t read that he still excelled past people in something else . paul looks up to mr . leonard and paul wants to return the favor and help mr . leonard .
the background information that paul gets makes him see that he was not the only one that couldn t read . he is touched by the fact that mr . leonard took his time to coach him into being better . he wants to do something nice for mr . leonard just like he did for him .
paul was a poor reader . knowing that mr . leonard had flunked out of college just because he was a bad learner made him realize that they had something in common . mr . leonard worked with paul to get better at track . mr . leonard told paul to keep trying and work hard . paul hearing this knows now that you have to keep working hard and keep trying to succeed . paul knows that mr . leonard should keep trying with his grade and in time he will get better .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard s past paul feels like he can relate to this . paul says after learning how mr . leonard funked out of college because he could not read the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment . . . . this describes the situation paul is going through right now and it provides a stronger connection between the two characters .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a star track and field athlete in college he becomes confused as to why mr . leonard kept it from him . mr . leonard then went on to explain that he had difficulty reading and flunked out of college . paul felt empathetic because he had the same problem with school . realizing that mr . leonard had helped paul excel at something paul decided to start training mr . leonard how to read .
paul learns that mr . leonard was a track star in college which seems to inspire him . he wanted to know about his experience and as mr . leonard told him about it paul began to realize that he and mr . leonard were pretty similar . mr . leonard taught paul how to run and do hurdles and paul wanted to help teach mr . leonard something .
paul realizes that the learning center will only help him and that he doesn t want to lose his dreams like mr . leonard did because he can t read . mr . leonard to him that nobody wants a track star that can t read and when paul realizes this he knows that he has to try to make what he wants in life happen .
paul was surprised when he found out that mr . leonard couldn t read either . paul would have never know unless the coach had gave him that website . it made paul want to try harder to learn to read so he could give something back to mr . leonard .
paul is surprised by the fact that mr . leonard flunked out of college but as he is listening to him speak about his failures he realizes that he feels the same about his grades . paul recognizes that this man had given his time to help me excel at something and decides to help mr . leonard with schooling because he was never good at it .
though just a lowly hall monitor mr . leonard used to be an extremely successful track star . when paul discovers this he wonders what went wrong in his life to pull him away from a life of success into being a hall monitor . mr . leonard then tells about how he couldn t read just like paul . it affects paul in two ways . first it makes him realize why mr . leonard wanted him to start running because he saw himself in paul . second it made paul realize that they had a lot in common as well and made him want to persevere .
at the beginning of the story paul is having trouble in school . reading is difficult for him and he is picked last for teams in sports . the hall monitor mr . leonard decides to help paul by coaching him in hurdling . paul gets background information about the monitor and is surprised by what he finds . his coach was a freshman at college when he won the meter hurdles at the nationals and broke records . the problem was mr . leonard had dropped out of college because he was failing he couldn t read very well either . just like paul school was too difficult for him and he had to give up what he loved because no other college would accept him . paul was moved by this and decided to get mr . leonard a tutor so he could reapply to a college and live his dream .
the effect the background background information about mr . leonard has on paul is he can emphasize with mr . leonard . paul struggled reading and then mr . leonard helped him with hurdles and track . when paul learned that mr . leonard had flunked out of college even after being a big track star the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . paul related to mr . leonard s failure of college and the fact he couldn t read because paul also struggled in it . the effect it had on paul was the he was familiar with the feeling . it is foreshadowed in the last sentence that since mr . leonard gave his time up to help paul excel at hurdles he was going to help mr . leonard at reading .
paul is overwhelmed that mr . leonard has set and broken records at college . he was shocked that lead to him dropping out of college because he did not have very good grades .
the effect of paul about the background information about mr . leonard is that paul and mr . leonard is almost alike because mr . leonard and paul can t read and they both have run track in high school . paul is willing to help mr . leonard with his problem .
he could feel what mr . leonard was feeling and he felt as if he needed to help with out with something just as he helped paul . so he was going to teach him how to read .
the background information has a significant effect on paul . when paul first learns from his coach that mr . leonard was a star athlete he goes and asked about what happened . mr . leonard told paul that he could not read and flunked out of college which paul himself could relate to . in the end they both bettered the other and a way .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard s past he is shocked at first . mr . leonard used to be a very successful track athlete . however he didn t have the grades to continue doing well in college and he eventually lost his scholarship . i think paul relates to what mr . leonard went through so well is because paul was basically going through the same thing . he had to go the learning lab because he was unable to read . not only could he not answer the right questions or read in class but he was extremely embarrassed . he was afraid that he wouldn t be able to do anything since he believed that he wasn t that smart . mr . leonard explains that he didn t have the resources when he was a child that paul has now . all mr . leonard had was friends to help him and unfortunately that didn t help his grades get better . he wants paul to continue learning and to be successful since he knows what its like to not be able to read . paul is affected greatly by the information he learns because he is going through the same thing . he relates to mr . leonard and in the end that is why he decided that he would help him and get him to read .
the background information effects paul because it makes him want to work harder . also it makes paul have empathy for mr . leonard . for example at the end when he says c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training . paul wants to help mr . leonard get back into track because he can tell mr . leonard really enjoyed it when he was younger .
it turns out that mr . leonard had trouble reading just as paul did . he flunked out of a collage that he got a track scholarship for . he taught paul how to run track well and when paul looked up mr . leonard information he found that he was just like him . it made paul feel closer to mr . leonard and he helped him read the way he had helped him run track .
the effect on the background information on paul seemed like they made them very similar in a way . mr . leonard was a good athlete and couldnt read . paul became a good athlete and is trying his hardest to learn how to read . there is a connection between them . when they first met mr . leonard knew his own past and found out that paul could not read . mr . leonard wanted paul to be like him in a way just be better . the background information that paul found out made him realize that they are the same and that mr . leonard just wanted to help paul with his future and not be a hall monitor but to be something more successful .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard didn t mention the fact that he was a college track star . paul had no idea that his new coach was even a runner . mr . leonard didn t tell paul because he was embarrassed that he flunked out but in the end it showed paul why mr . leonard wanted to help him .
the background information that paul finds out about mr . leonard effects him in a positive way because it makes paul feel like someone else has gone through exactly what he is going through at that moment in time . mr . leonard states that he lost his scholarship and flunked out of college because no school wanted a runner who could not read . paul goes on to say that he knows mr . leonard s feelings of embarrassment all to well happening whenever he is called upon to read something aloud or when he does not know an answer everyone else knows in class .
i feel that the background information that paul discovered about mr . leonard gave paul motivation . paul never tried any sports or extracurricular activities until mr . leonard helped paul to achieve jumping hurdles . even though paul was good at jumping hurdles he felt as though he wasn t good enough . when paul found out that mr . leonard went to college for jumping hurdles but that mr . leonard flunked out it make paul want to try harder in multiple things . he wanted to try to get better at hurdles but he also wanted to finally learn how to read so that he didn t end up like mr . leonard . paul even decided that since mr . leonard helped him achieve something he was going to help mr . leonard learn how to read .
when paul gets the background on mr . leonard he is filled with questions of understanding then he find out mr . leonard was exactly like him but leonard wasn t able to get help with his schooling and ended up flunking out of school and loosing everything he had except his records and paul in the end went and helped leonard how to read
during the story paul does not know much about mr . leonard . paul only finds out about him when he talks to the school s track coach . the track coach had told him to visit a website so paul did and found out about mr . leonard . paul was surprised that mr . leonard had not mentioned it before and asked him what had happened . after paul found out that mr . leonard could not read he took it upon himself to repay mr . leonard for what he had done for him .
paul is encouraged . after training and learning that mr . leonard also could not read he was encouraged to teach mr . leonard to read while paul himself was being coached . mr . leonard knew what paul was going through which is a reason he had paul start hurdling in the first place and when paul found out that mr . leonard had been in the same boat that paul was in it made him look at life in a new way .
paul finds out about mr . leonard s past and is surprised . when paul asks what happened after that he is surprised to find out that mr . leonard had lost his scholarship and flunked out all because he had a difficult time reading . this encourages paul to work hard and makes him want to help mr . leonard the way mr . leonard helped him .
paul feels a connection to mr . leonard he states that in paragraph sentence . they share a bound of having a hard time reading this connects them . paul then steps up to teach him how to read in paragraph .
paul feels motivated to work harder at track because he has good grades and he can read which is something mr . leonard never had . paul also is sympathetic for mr . leonard and he tells mr . leonard it s time for his training as they walk back to the school . paul is implying he is going to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the effects the background information had on paul . paul could relate to how mr . leonard had felt he was happy that mr . leonard had given up his time to help him excel because he now what it was like not being able to read .
the background information that paul gets about mr . leonard is shocking . paul had no clue that he was being coached by one of the greatest freshman college runners ever as we come to find out in paragraph . it also gives paul a way to help mr . leonard because paul finds out that mr . leonard has troubles reading too . paul starts training mr . leonard after he finds out all the information paragraph this brings the two closer together as friends since paul can relate to mr . leonard paragraph .
he finds out mr . leonard was a lot like him in school and has the same reading problem .
mr . leonard couldn t read either and he couldn t get very far in his life . so the narrator has to try harder to accomplish his goals .
i think paul is shocked too find out that mr . leonard broke records . he asked questions about it and seemed very interested .
as paul learns of mr . leonard s past he is a bit moved . he realizes though he is becoming good at hurdles he needs to learn to read so he doesn t become like mr . leonard . he also realizes then that education comes before athletics . paul can relate to all of this because he is in that current situation . in it says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . paul then decides that mr . leonard has done him a favor and has helped him reach a goal . . . to excel at something . this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him line . paul realizes that he needs to excel in academics now and help mr . leonard in the process .
the background information surprised paul but also made him curious as to why he did not continue to break records . when paul found out mr . leonard also could not read paul knew the embarrassment mr . leonard felt so he wanted to help him learn to read .
it has a really deep effect on paul because he is starting to become a track star and he doesnt want to go down the same path as mr . leonard . paul also helps mr leonard out with his reading at the end of the passage
paul knows what its like to not be able to read . so he feels empathy for mr . leonard and decides to help him .
he was shocked at first because he didn t think that mr . leonard could ve ben a track star . but then he is more understanding as he finds out that he couldn t read . he is also inspired to help mr . leonard with reading because he had helped paul with getting into track and wanted to help him back .
the background information about mr . leonard makes paul somewhat confused at first because he does not know why he would hide his past of being a track star . after mr . leonard tells paul the whole story paul is empathetic with mr . leonard s situation because he is in a similar situation and decides to help him with his past .
paul feels like he is in mr . leonard s shoes when he was younger . in the story paul states the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . this gave paul motivation to achieve something for not only himself but mr . leonard who was not able to achieve much in school .
paul is very thankful towards mr . leonard for helping him get faster . paul says in the passage it s time to start your training . this is a way that paul can help mr . leonard on his reading and to repay him for what he done for him . the background information helps paul realize that not everyone is the same and that he isn t the only person that can t read . mr . leonard gave paul some confidence .
when paul figures out that mr . leonard was a great athlete in high school and in college but did poorly academic it encouraged him to try his best . paul found out that mr . leonard was one of the best hurdlers but when he lost his scholarship because he couldn t read no other school wanted him even though he was one of the best . this showed paul that even though you could be one of the best at a sport it doesn t matter if you don t have the grades .
when mr . leonard hands paul the url and paul looks him up he realizes something important . mr . leonard and paul had something in common . they both struggled with reading . mr . leonard saw an opportunity to help paul achieve his goals and he took that opportunity . obviously when mr . leonard looked at paul he saw himself as a child . he remembered what it was like to be in his position . so paul was blessed to have someone like him to help . paul realizes that just because he is chosen last for teams and he is unable to read doesn t mean he is unable to do other important things . mr . leonard proudly accepts the opportunity to help paul so he could achieve his dreams .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard was a runner also he is very surprised . paul first wants to know why mr . leonard did not tell him about it . why didn t you tell me about this paul knows exactly what mr . leonard went through because he is going through the same thing . paul knows exactly how it feels to be embarrassed because he can t read . the emotions in mr . leonard words were all too familiar to me . paul feels bad for mr . leonard and wants to help him .
while training with mr . leonard paul learns more about him and his past . paul learns that mr . leonard is not just a hall monitor in fact mr . leonard was a track star who broke records and received a college scholarship . paul also learns that mr . leonard wasn t the best student and eventually flunked of of college because of his grades . as mr . leonard is telling paul about his past paul understands the feelings of embarrassment and was empathetic towards mr . leonard . paul is in a similar situation as mr . leonard however paul receives helps from the school s reading center . paul empathy causes him to realize that he should help mr . leonard like mr . leonard helped him .
it sunrises paul and makes him want to work harder and makes him sympathetic . in the last paragraph paul wants mr . leonard to start training . paul also is a little confused on how mr . leonard didnt make it as a runner . in paragraph paul mentions that mr . leonard went to college .
the background information presented about mr . leonard is effective in the fact that paul can realize his own true potential . in the story paul not only learns about mr . leonard s past as a track star but also about his struggles with learning . this information motivates paul because he realizes that he has more opportunities than mr . leonard ever did and that even though mr . leonard was a good athlete his school work was more important grades really do matter . this information also helps paul realize that mr . leonard and him share a connection . through this connection they can both help each other out .
paul was surprised at what mr leonard has accomplished in college even though he flunked out .
he learns that mr . leonard was a great track runner for his college that he even broke records . paul feels more connected to mr . leonard because he too can t read .
when paul is told to look up mr . leonard he finds out that he was a track star and was a college freshmen who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . paul also finds out that mr . leonard flunked out of college and lost his scholarship because he couldn t read . paul sees that he s not alone and can relate to someone about not being able to read . mr . leonard is very supportive and paul is no longer embarrassed about his situation .
paul finds out that mr . leonard had won the meter hurdles at nationals yet he had to drop out because of his lack of intelligence . this helps paul to connect more to his coach and want to work hard for mr . leonard and have mr . leonard work hard for him .
the information that paul finds out about mr . leonard is the he used to be an amazing college athlete who broke many records he found this out by typing in the url that the track coach had given him . when he saw what a great athlete mr . leonard was he confronted him about it . when he questioned mr . leonard about his athletic career he also found out that mr . leonard flunked out of college because he struggled in school mainly because he could not read . that s when everything clicked for paul . he understood why mr . leonard was excited about paul going to the learning center why he wanted to help him run hurdles why he asked him his name and paul knew how he could help mr . leonard in return . just like mr . leonard had helped paul jump his hurdles he was going to return the favor .
paul discovers that mr . leonard had once ran track at a college level . mr . leonard raced his way to several records then but paul didn t know why mr . leonard had quit . paul is motivated by mr . leonard story of not learning how to read and balancing school and sports .
paul is surprised to learn that mr . leonard was a star in college in hurdling and that he had won titles . it makes paul compare himself to leonard since they were having the same kind of problems in life . it makes paul want to struggle hard and believe he can achieve much in life despite the fact that he was not good academically .
when paul found out mr . leonard was a track star and a good athlete in college but lost his scholarship because he was not a good student paul started to relate to mr . leonard . he felt like they had the same flaws and problems . mr . leonard helped paul excel in track and jumping hurdles and paul felt as if it was only fair if he helped mr . leonard to read because paul knew what it felt like to be embarrassed to read aloud in front of people .
at first paul just sees mr . leonard as the hall monitor in his school . then when the track coach tells him to search the hall monitor on a track and field website he finds out that mr . leonard was a running star when he was young and also by asking mr . leonard he finds out that he cannot read just like paul . it gives paul a whole new perspective on mr . leonard because he then understands that the reason mr . leonard is helping him is that he was just like paul at that age and he can relate to him .
the high school trace coach handed paul a url for the internet to visit . paul printed out the page from the internet and handed it to mr . leonard . the url happened to be about mr . leonard s past . he happened to be a record breaking track star as a freshman but then he flunked out of college . this forms a unique bond between paul and mr . leonard because they both struggle with school and reading . at the end paul says it s time to start your training paragraph . this shows that paul is grateful for mr . leonard coaching him and bringing joy to an area of his life he had yet to feel . in return paul is willing to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the coach gives paul a website to go to . on the website he finds out about mr . leonard being a college runner in the meter hurdles . the next day he goes to the hall monster and ask why he never went anywhere pulling out the print off . he simply replied in sorrow he couldnt read . this inspired paul knowing that mr . leonard took the time out of his day to help him that s why paul is healing him learn to read .
the first information that paul learns about mr . leonard is that he is a hall monitor whose job it is to keep things moving . the effect of this information is that when mr . leonard coaches paul in track paul obeys because that is what he is used to doing when mr . leonard tells him to do something . later paul learns that mr . leonard was a track star while he was a freshman in college and that his career came to a halt due to the fact that he was not a talented reader . paul s learning of this new information ignites empathy in him and makes him feel like he and mr . leonard are not all that different . paul is getting better at reading by visiting the learning center and it is implied that he would like to give this same gift to mr . leonard . paul s new found knowledge of mr . leonard s background evokes this generosity .
paul realizes that mr . leonard is a lot like him . they both can t read but are willing to try and get better at anything . at the end of the story paul tells mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
when paul reads background information on mr . leonard he is shocked to see that he had won the meter hurdles and broke records . he wondered why mr . leonard hadnt told him his past in the first place .
when paul receives the information on mr . leonard he feels as if he is in the same boat as him . paul feels like he can relate to him in a way that he never has before . in the story paul is confused when mr . leonard asks his name after seeing all the hall passes . but after he finds out that he can t read he wants to start training mr . leonard so that he can appreciate what he had done for paul during the track season .
paul sees that mr . leonard was an amazing athlete but his athletic career was taken away from him because of his grades . mr . leonard had lost his scholarship and flunked out of college . paul is intrigued to hear this and it makes him want to do better as a student and as an athlete .
paul finds reading hard so does mr . leonard . when paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star but couldn t read this reminded him that he couldn t read . if mr . leonard could read but can be a track star then paul can work on his reading and become a track star . mr . leonard s history shows pail what he can become .
paul is very shocked by what he see s on the internet about mr . leonard . it also encourages paul to good in track and in school now because he has seen what happened to mr . leonard by not being able to read .
the effects it has on paul are sad he didnt know that mr . leonard failed college . mr . leonard felt ashamed which made paul want to do good .
he is shocked and can t believe he was in college for hurdles . also he didn t know why he didnt tell him before . why didnt you tell me about this before
when mr . leonard told him about is college days paul wanted him to coach and train him because he was a good coach to him . paul felt the same when mr . leonard told him about is past about no being able to read so paul wanted to work hard to know how to read so he could go to college and run track .
after paul finds out that mr . leonard was a major track star in college along with finding out that mr . leonard flunked out of college because he could not read this inspired paul to help mr . leonard . after paul and mr . leonard talked about mr . leonard college accomplishments paul thought of an idea . paul was going to go help teach mr . leonard how to read since mr . leonard helped paul with running track and becoming faster and more athletic .
when paul finds out the mr . leonard was a champ track runner in his college days his becomes curious as to why he would quit if he had gone as far as setting records . he soon finds out that mr . leonard also could not read just like paul . this made paul think that mr . leonard had helped him so now it s time to return a favor and tell him to c mon it s time to start his training as he walks towards the school .
in the story our narrator paul finds some background information on mr . leonard . this information impacts paul greatly in the story . his attitude and the way he sees things change completely . when paul had said i knew the well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . paul understands how mr . leonard felt about not knowing what it was like to not be the best student in the world and having to get help from people . paul feels for mr . leonard and he sympathizes for him . paul attitude changes dramatically when he says it s time to start your training . . now the paul realizes that mr . leonard can not read he wants to help him out to repay him for helping him find his secret talent .
paul realizes that mr . leonard was once very famous and good at track and he now understand that he wants paul to follow in his footsteps in a sense . mr . leonard also is not good at school like paul and wants to give paul something that he can be good at and feels that track could be great for paul .
the background information effects paul because it makes paul want to help mr . leonard learn how to read . when paul figured out that mr . leonard was a track star during college by the url given to him by the track coach he acts surprised and decides to help mr . leonard learn to read .
the background information about mr . leonard effects paul by showing him and inspiring him with a story that is somewhat similar to his own . he knows that mr . leonard and himself have things in common . they are both very bad readers and are good at running hurdles .
the effect that background information has on paul is that he now feels connected to mr . leonard because they both went through the same thing in not being able to read very good . paul knows exactly what it felt like to not be able to read .
paul feels sympathetic for mr . leonard when he finds out that mr . leonard can not read . i suspect that this is because paul could not read very well . paul states the emotions in mr . leonard words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didnt know an answer everyone else knew . paul knows that this was the way that mr . leonard felt in high school and college .
he realizes the importance of working hard learning to read and doing well in school . he handed the print out of the web page to mr . leonard and ask him what happened to him and mr . leonard told him his story . at that moment paul realized that reading and grades were important and mr . leonard didn t want him to suffer the same way he did .
mr . leonard s past motivates paul to succeed and do his best in reading and hurrdil ing as well the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him .
he finds out that mr . leonard and paul both have problems reading so he feels better about him self .
before learning of mr . leonard s background paul is ashamed by his inability to read . once mr . leonard gets paul running track and builds his confidence paul finds out that mr . leonard use to be a track star . when paul questions mr . leonard about his previous track experience in college he learns that mr . leonard flunked out of college after his freshman year due to reading and homework troubles . paul realizes that he his not alone in this world and that others struggle the same way he does . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . he also learns that just because he struggles in school doesn t mean he can t succeed with his dreams he just has to work hard and have the right demeanor .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard s past he is interested and wants to know more . once mr . leonard explains what happens paul understands . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me is what went through his mind . this encourages paul to help mr . leonard learn to read .
paul learned that mr . leonard was a track star who also couldn t read . his inability to read made life a lot more difficult for him more difficult than it was for all of the other people that had gone to school with him . paul who also couldn t read felt close to mr . leonard . he felt empathetic he understood the hall monitor s emotions completely . he could identify with the embarrassment he felt . mr . leonard had given paul hope he had shown him about hurdles and taught him how to jump over them efficiently and effectively . eventually paul was able to join the track team . it had given him the chance to excel at something like never before . after hearing mr . leonard s story he felt as though he should give back . after the story ends it s clear that paul is helping to teach mr . leonard how to read so that he too could feel accomplished with himself .
the background information paul learned form mr . leonard made a difference . once paul learns that mr . leonard had been in hurdles in high school and that had broke records he asked mr . leonard why then mr . leonard explains everything . just like paul he had also been good in hurdles and had trouble reading . though it didn t seem like a problem then . his college scouts told him that they weren t important but by the time he got to college he realized grades were important . not being able to read he flunked college and lost his scholarship . this made paul think of all what mr . leonard had done for him . since he was going through the same . he was good in a sport but not so good as a student . then realizes mr . leonard does this to help other students .
paul was effected by mr . leonard because paul knew how it feel to be embarrassed . for example in the story the author stated i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i din t know an answer everyone else knew . this statement shows paul understood how mr . leonard felt . therefore paul was effected by mr . leonard background .
as long as paul had known mr . leonard he was a hall monitor . this made paul respectful and obedient to him . that not only extended in school halls but also in athletics . the next peace of background information paul learns about mr . leonard is that mr . leonard was a track star . this simply increases the respect he has for him . in the story paul didn t appear to be upset that mr . leonard hadn t told him about his past he treated him the same but seemed to appreciate him more . the last peace of information paul learned about mr . leonard was that he couldn t read . many kids would simply make fun if an adult was illiterate but paul can sympathize . he understands how difficult it can be to learn to read and embraces and helps mr . leonard to read .
paul was curious as to why mr . leonard had never mentioned of his running past . he seemed proud of him that he had accomplished something so great and had something to his name . when paul found out the reasoning that mr . leonard had for what happened he felt for him . paul knew exactly how mr . leonard felt the embarrassment the lack of knowledge while everyone else had the answer he could truly relate to him . it occurred to paul that in the same way mr . leonard had approached him and helped him out with athletics and doing something for himself he was gonna help mr . leonard do the same . paul wanted to be able to offer his services to him by helping him improve his reading skills . and while helping him it would also improve paul s reading skills .
when paul realizes that his everyday coach and hall monitor was truly a great college track runner paul was stunned . paul had been interacting with mr . leonard everyday without knowing his true background . paul is surprised about mr . leonard s background and then goes on to ask him various questions .
the background information that paul finds about mr . leonard gives him a curious feeling . he wondered what happened to mr . leonard . as it turns out mr . leonard can t read which is the same problem that paul had which caused the two to meet . since mr . leonard taught paul how to run hurdles paul felt he should teach mr . leonard how to read .
he it makes him like mr . leonard more . when he finds out that he was a track star and very good he shows the coach more understanding as to why he made him do track . when he learns that mr . leonard cant read he becomes more sympathetic towards him .
paul feels a relation between himself and mr . leonard . they both can t or have trouble reading . plus they are both track hurdlers too . therefore when he paul learns of mr . leonard s past he feels a relation between them .
paul finds out about mr . leonard s past from the high school track coach . he is surprised by the janitor s previous experiences . you know that he surprised because he confronts him about it . when he finds out grabowski can not read he feels the need to help he shows that by telling him it is time to start training you .
it surprises him but he is more determined to help mr . leonard and do better himself . paul sees the person that helped him not do so well in school so it would shock and surprise him . he is more determined to help mr . leonard out since mr . leonard helped him out . he knows what mr . leonard feels like since he has gone through some of the same situations .
paul was honored to be trained by a college athlete . when he found out that mr . leonard also couldn t read he understood how his coach felt . he also felt that he owed mr . leonard something for teaching him how to run hurdles so he offered to help the coach with reading .
i believe that when paul knows the truth about mr . leonard he is more motivated to start learning and willing to work harder on hurdling . his relationship with mr . leonard also increases and he comes to respect him .
the background that mr . leonard gives paul . makes paul think that they are the same because they both can t read . mr . leonard and paul are both good at hurdler .
the narrator is surprised at the information . he never expected that mr . leonard was a track star .
because paul learned that mr . leonard had been a great athlete but flunked out of school because he was unable to read he had common ground built with mr . leonard . that knowledge of what had happened to mr . leonard impacted paul to start working harder because mr . leonard had told him how hard things got after high school .
mr . leonard lets paul know he was flunked out of college for not being able to read . this effects paul because he is in the same situation at school because he cant read as well but mr . leonard lets him know that not a problem because paul has help that mr . leonard didnt have .
paul comes to find out that mr . leonard and himself are the same . they both struggle with reading in high school and in high school is when they found that they love track .
during the story when paul confronts mr . leonard about his past it becomes apparent that the two are more alike than they had anticipated . mr . leonard too could not read . the embarrassing emotions that mr . leonard felt were all too familiar to paul and gave him a sense of not being alone . the effect that this information had on paul was substantial because it motivated paul to become a better reader and athlete not just for his sake but for mr leonard s sake as well .
the background information on mr . leonard effects paul by making him realize that other people also share his troubles of not being able to read even great athletes like mr . leonard .
when paul learns of mr . leonard s past it might have had a positive emotional affect on himself . paul says in the story that he is a select few who are in the remedial reading program and from this he may feel embarrassed and have low self esteem . plus when talking about how he is picked last in sports doesn t help his esteem either . but when learns of mr . leonard who had success in something even though he struggled in school this may motivate paul to want to excel at both the hurdles and in school and do what mr . leonard could not accomplish .
the effect that it has on paul is that he now feels the desire to help out mr . leonard since he had taken the time to help him out . in the story it says this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . this show how he felt the need to return the help .
mr . leonard background information gives paul hope in knowing that he can actually great at something since he doesnt know how to read . it also builds up his confidence in learning how to read since mr . leonard never learned due to the lacking of a learning center when he was in school . when paul realizes how much mr . leonard and him have in common it makes him feel a lot better that there is someone out there that can relate to him and his problems in life . mr . leonard never learned to read and depended on friends to help him get by even though it was hard . he got into college with a running scholarship for his track and ability to run . he soon realized that the work was a lot handed there then it was in high school and eventually flunked out and lost his scholarship . no college would take him after that because they did not want a runner that could not read .
paul found out that mr . leonard had starred in college track . he broke the college freshman record for the meter hurdles . however he found out that mr . leonard had flunked out of college . paul realized how lucky he was to be getting help in reading at the learning center . mr . leonard s school had not had a learning center so he never got help with his reading problems . he had great potential in athletics but never got to realize it because of his learning problems . this makes paul appreciate his tutoring .
when paul realizes that mr . leonard was a good runner but bad reader he realizes they are alike . it makes paul want to help mr . leonard by teaching him to read and it makes mr . leonard to help paul feel accepted by helping him with track . it also motivates paul to do better in school so he won t end up flunking .
he learns that mr . leonard is very much like him in the sense that mr . leonard isn t a good reader either . when mr . leonard explains to paul about how he was a good enough athlete to get a scholarship for running track even though he was not that good in school . when he explained to paul that he began letting his lack of knowledge in school effect his pursuit of being a runner in college it helped paul realize that he could be good at something to balance out his troubles in school but he must still work hard in school to fully accomplish a goal . with mr . leonard showing paul how they have a common problem with school and a common interest in jumping the hurdles paul was able to apply mr . leonard s advice to his own life .
the effect of the background information on paul is a good thing . the background information makes paul open his eyes and realize what mr . leonard was doing for him . mr . leonard did not know how to read and when he found out that paul did not know how to read he eased up on him . mr . leonard coaches paul how to do hurdles mr . leonard sees himself in paul and knows it is a great thing for him .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star as a college freshman . however because mr . leonard struggled with reading and academics he lost his scholarship and was forced to drop out of school . the fact that mr . leonard also struggles academically helps paul to relate to him . it gives paul the confidence to embark on a friendship where he and mr . leonard can help each other succeed .
paul gets background information about mr . leonard and effects paul because he didn t know that leonard was a hurdle athlete . he said he couldn t read and that he flunked college because of it . leonard got all emotional and paul knew how he felt so he said c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training . paul wanted to help mr . leonard and make him feel better .
the background information about mr . leonard has an astronomical effect on paul . paul found a new form of respect for mr . leonard after reading the background information which can be inferred by paul s astonishment of mr . leonard s accomplishments . paul now looks up to mr . leonard as an idol for jumping hurtles . when paul learns of mr . leonard disability he wants to help mr . leonard in the same way that mr . leonard helped him .
the background check on mr . leonard was very surprising to paul he didnt know that he was a track star at hurdles . paul went to his computer and went to the schools track and field website and looked at the history about hurdles and he saw mr . leonard name and it said that he got a full time scholarship for college for hurdles .
paul did not feel as alone after he discovered that mr . leonard had a reading problem in school . paul was also surprised that mr . leonard used to be such a fantastic athlete and wondered why he kept this information from him .
the background information about mr leonard is that he had won the meter hurdles at the nationals in college . what is surprising about his background information is that he flunked out and lost his scholarship . why was because he didn t know how to read .
that paul went to try how hurling and mr . leonard said to come on back tomorrow . mr . leonard was a former track star so paul wanted to try it for him self because mr . leonard was a good college track star . but mr . leonard could not read and lost his color ships and flunked college . so i guess paul got inspired by that and went and tried to to do hurling for track
paul is affected by the information he finds out about mr . leonard in many way . for starters paul is somewhat astonished to find that like him mr . leonard can t read . paul realizes how lucky he is to have the learning center to help him learn to read . also paul can sympathize with mr . leonard which will make their relationship stronger .
the effect mr . leonard s background information has on paul is that paul now feels more connected to him . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer anyone else knew . this quote from the story shows that paul can relate to mr . leonard and that it has brought them closer together . paul also felt the need to help mr . leonard with reading as he had helped paul with track and field from this quote this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him .
paul did not know that mr . leonard did not know how to read . now he feels bad and wants to help him learn to read .
the effect the background information that paul found on mr . leonard was surprising to him that he was a trick star but yet he he found out that he couldn t read he felt sympathy for him because in paragraph and he knows the embarrassment that he feels of not knowing how to read and figures he can probably teach hi how to read .
paul realizes that he and mr . leonard have even more in common than he may have originally thought . when paul discovers that mr . leonard was a college track star paul becomes more motivated . this is shown when he asks whether or not he should work out with the team . when paul soon discovered that mr . leonard can t read and flunked out of college he is motivated to begin mr . leonard s training .
it has a huge effect on paul and mr . leonard . when he first shows mr . leonard the url it makes a big impact on him because paul now knows that he was a major track athlete . only knowing that he couldnt finish college because he started flunking and not being able to know how to read . once mr . leonard told paul that that gave him the motivations to try to be better at the track and to not give up since it reminds him of paul since he couldnt read and he had to go to the learning center twice a week from school .
paul could relate to what mr . leonard went through . paul knew how it felt to not be able to read and knew also how it felt to overcome that obstacle . this is shown when it says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . the learned information also shows paul finding a sense of leadership and initiative . he not only overcomes his inability to read but finds an outlet and takes leadership in both . in running track he gets on the high school team and in reading is able to help mr . leonard learn as well .
the information he learned gave him confidence to help mr . leonard just as mr . leonard helped him . paul tells mr . leonard it is time to start training meaning its time to start learning . paul also now could relate to mr . leonard better .
paul was surprised that mr . leonard never told him about his past why didn t you tell me about this he also seemed amazed by everything that mr . leonard had done . you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nat final . you broke records .
the background information paul finds on mr . leonard has him feeling both appreciative and sympathetic . paul feels good because he has been coached by a great national winning hurdler . also paul felt good about himself because he was asked to practice with the track team and he was always bad at sports . on the other hand paul was sympathetic for mr . leonard for what had happened to him . for example paul asked well what happened after that . that shows he was curious and cared .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was an old track runner and that he broke many records . when paul confronts him he finds out mr . leonard cant read like himself .
the background information has an effect of paul because he gets to know a person better and is therefore not the only one who can t read and feels better .
after paul researched the background information about mr . leonard he becomes ecstatic and excited to be in the presence of a legend . this is evident when paul asked why mr . leonard had not told him about his accomplishments . this is also evident from the excited way the say that you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nations . you broke records .
the background information paul found about mr . leonard made him empathetic because he knew exactly how he felt but also he became motivate to help mr . leonard just as he had helped him with hurdles . suddenly i realized what i could do for him .
paul was surprised to see that the hall monitor mr . leonard had been an exceptional collegiate athlete . he also wondered why he doesn t run anymore so he went to confront mr . leonard about it and asked well what happened after that and he said i lost my scholarship and flunked .
the background information of mr . leonard effects paul in a positive way . when paul finds out the mr . leonard was also a great hurdler but flunked out of college for not being able to read it shows him that he can overcome even the biggest obstacles . paul is a little shocked when mr . leonard says that he was a hurdler in college but could not read . paul shows this in paragraph . paul could relate to what mr . leonard went through and he ends up helping mr . leonard learn to read .
paul receives a url containing information about mr . leonard s past as a track star . this shocked paul at first and made him wonder why mr . leonard kept this from him . he then realized that mr . leonard was unable to read just like himself . this made paul feel like he isn t such a failure at life after all because he is now good at track and field as well as has the ability to use a learning center to learn how to read .
paul found out that mr . leonard was a very good hurdler . mr . leonard ran meter hurdles at nationals mr . leonard even broke records . when mr . leonard told paul that he flunked out and lost his scholarship . paul got pushed to try harder at hurdles and reading .
paul is affected in that hearing mr . leonard background has made him more determined to work hard on reading and the new sport he is in . this also gave him better understanding of mr . leonard s life so he does not feel like his reading problem is such a rarity and paul has decided to help him with his reading the same way mr . leonard helped him with hurdler .
an example from the story that tells paul some background information about mr . leonard is when paul gets on the track and field website that says mr . leonard was a college track star . it surprises paul and also lets him know mr . leonard was a good runner . also it inspires paul to continue track and even become an even better athlete .
paul is surprised about the background information . he was surprised he won meters at nationals and broke the records . he wants to know more about him .
when mr . leonard explained to paul that he had also struggled in life with reading disabilities . then paul realized that he was suffering the same thing and why he has to go to the learning center to learn how to read . mr . leonard didn t have much of a way to learn how to read in school . he had no learning centers but in collage he had tutors that cried to help him . but the collage was to hard so he dropped out . when told that to paul the young man noticed that it sounded just like him .
i think this affected paul because he thought he was just a gym teacher . little did paul know but mr . leonard was a start track runner . this background information that paul gets helps him understand why mr . leonard is helping him . this also makes him want to help with his reading problems . at the end of the story paul wants to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the effect it has on paul is he has a better understanding of mr . leonard because he finds out he can t read either so he can understand how mr . leonard feels .
paul feels like since mr . lenard has helped him become a track and field runner he should help mr . lenard learn how to read . paul does this by saying that mr . lenard has some training to do . paul realized the effect that flunking out of college had on mr . lenard . he was also empathetic for mr . lenard . he wanted to help mr . lenard like mr . lenard helped him .
paul related better to mr . leonard after he found out that mr . leonard wasn t very good at reading either .
the background story you get on mr . leonard is that he was a good athlete but he was not a good student . college scouts told mr . leonard that his grades didn t matter and that they would have tutors for him . but since he never did his own work and always had his friends help him during high school he could not handle the more difficult college work . this caused him to fail his classes and lose his scholarship . paul could relate to mr . leonard s emotions because he too had difficulties with school work . at the end of the story paul tells mr . leonard its time for him to start his training . this imply that since mr . leonard has helped paul with his running that paul will help mr . leonard to learn to read .
paul is affected by the background information because he is able to empathize with mr . leonard about reading difficulties . he also most likely understands that had he been born in an earlier age he may have had the same college experience as mr . leonard . paul is also influenced by the background information to help mr . leonard train in reading which is paul s way of showing gratitude and appreciation for mr . leonard s efforts to train paul in track and field .
mr . leonard s background information had a large effect on paul . mr . leonard won the meter hurdles at nationals but flunked out of college because he could not read and the school work was too challenging . no school would take a runner who couldn t read . after paul learned all of this information he felt empathy for mr . leonard . paul had walked in his shoes somewhat . he knew the feelings of embarrassment when he was called to read aloud or did not know an answer . paul was very grateful and shocked that mr . leonard gave up his time to help paul succeed and he wants to repay him now for all his help and dedication .
learning that mr . leonard had trouble reading as well my paul feel less alone in the fact he has trouble with reading and school . before he felt stupid when he was called on to read in class or to answer a question he didn t know the answer to and everyone else did . now he realizes he isn t alone in his struggles which makes him slightly more confident .
when he learns that mr . leonard was a track star paul is slightly unhappy that he wasn t told . he even asks mr . leonard why he didn t tell paul . he then feels like mr . leonard is a kindred spirit when he says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . he feels empathy for mr . leonard and that makes paul want to help him at the end of the story .
at first he admires mr . leonard . he saw that he had been a very talented athlete and he wonders why he never told him about it . when paul finds out mr . leonard can t read he becomes sympathetic and wants to help him just as mr . leonard helped paul with the hurdler .
finding out about mr . leonard s past helps paul in realizing that he can do things he didn t know he could do . seeing what happened to mr . leonard helped paul fight through challenges . in the end paul says c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
the effect it has on paul is that he s going through the same things as mr . leonard went through . for example when mr . leonard was in high school he could read either and he relied on his friends for the work that was given . but as he went to college and he flunked out because of his reading disability . paul refers to this because he can t read either . all in all mr . leonard wants paul to succeed unlike he did . mr . leonard wants paul to do his best and do better then he did .
when paul found out background information about mr . leonard he was surprised . since he found out that mr . leonard was a great athlete but not a good student he felt good for learning to read . since mr . leonard said colleges did not want a runner who could not read he flunked out . paul appreciated the fact that he knows how to read by knowing this fact about mr . leonard .
paul is amazed at the achievements of mr . leonard and is curious as to why he did not pursue his talent . in line paul asks well what happened after that . this shows that at the time paul didnt understand why mr . leonard didn t pursue track and field . afterwards paul finds out that mr . leonard is illiterate . he becomes empathetic because he sees they share the same struggle .
the effect that the background information on mr . leonard had on paul was he wanted to help . he was confused on what happened since mr . leonard was a good athlete who broke records doing meter hurdles in college as a freshman . mr . leonard told him that he was a good athlete but not a good student . he could not read . and paul wanted to help . he wanted to return the favor and train him and to help him read because mr . leonard first trained him on the hurdles and it motivated him to know he can do anything and that it just takes training .
the information that paul gets is really familiar to him . he is used to the embarrassment of not being able to read just like mr . leonard is . in paragraph paul starts to change his mind about mr . leonard .
when paul finds out that mr leonard was once a track star he was shocked to find out why he stopped down track . it was because he was a bad student and doesnt want paul to be one so hes helping him out .
during the story the reader gets background information about mr . leonard . the effect the background information has on paul encourages paul to continue to practice track and field and to try his hardest in school . altering hearing about mr . leonard s experience of being a freshman who had won the meter hurdles at nationals and who had broke records and asking what had happened effected paul the most . also after hearing that mr . leonard had flunked out of college after his freshman year because he had to rely on his friends to get him through school it encouraged paul to study his hardest and in his tutoring class so that he could be a track altar some day in college but to be able to handle the rigorous school work that comes with college .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard went to college on a track scholarship but then failed out because he too could not read connects paul to his coach more . paul realizes that he is not the only one who struggles with something and that he can accomplish great things . in paragraph paul explains how he knows and understands how his coach felt he now knows what he can do to help his coach as well .
the effect that the background information had on paul was exciting . he finds it very surprising that mr . leonard was such a remarkable athlete . he says you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdler at the nationals . you broke records .
the effect was that he felt a great deal of respect and awe toward mr . leonard . probably because he was surprised to know that the janitor was such a good hurdler . it made him feel kind of good to know that mr . leonard was a hurdler and that mr . leonard was spending time teaching him how to do this . but then upon learning that mr . leonard couldn t read it probably made paul feel kind of awed toward mr . leonard because he was like him in those ways .
the background information about mr . leonard is surprising to paul . paul wonders why mr . leonard didn t continue in track and field after that race . he finds that mr . leonard is a lot like him and he wants to help him learn how to read just like he helped paul how to run hurdles .
the reader has a normal life with no extra activities and mr . leonard changes that by teaching him how to hurdle . when the reader finds out why mr . leonard left college is when he actually connects with mr . leonard and wants train him in reading
it shows paul that mr . leonard was the same as paul . he didn t know how to read and he was only good at track . when paul learns he can t read he extends the favor back and decides he is going to teach mr . leonard how to read just like he taught him how to jump hurdles .
once paul receives the information about mr . leonard he is encouraged almost dumbfounded . paul is shocked because he can t believe the suppleness of the hall monitor that he meets was a former record breaker . paul is proud of mr . leonard but also confused as to why mr . leonard did not go onto bigger and better things . paul states you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records . paragraph . he continues to ask well what happened after that paragraph . this show paul s intent on finding out why mr . leonard did not move onto bigger and better things .
the background information that paul learned about mr . leonard i think has made paul not be ashamed that he is getting help . mr . leonard told paul i relied on friends to help me get by but even then the work was always too hard . this shows paul that he should get help with things now so that in the future he won t rely on other people like friends to get him by in college and learn how to take on responsibilities before he gets into college and flunks out .
it shows paul that school is important . there are other people that can not read either like mr . leonard .
paul was surprised . paul didnt know mr . leonard was a freshman in college who ran the meter hurdler and broke records .
mr . leonard is very much like paul . he was once a young boy and possesses some of the same problems that paul seems to have . as a young child mr . leonard had distractions and difficulties learning . to this day as he is telling the story to paul he is still unable to read . it is obvious that mr . leonard wants to help paul and show him that he can pass school if only he works hard to overcome his obstacles . i lost my scholarship and flunked out mr . leonard stated . paul could see how embarrassed the man was to share that but it only made paul want to try harder to achieve his grades and go to college .
during the story the reader understands that paul has a hard time reading . when he meets mr . leonard paul becomes motivated by him . by going out for track paul finds out that mr . leonard was once a renowned tack star but failed to stay in school because of his grades . paul becomes inspired to succeed in school and track for mr . leonard . the last paragraph paul remembers what mr . leonard did for him and wants to help mr . leonard with his reading .
the effect of the background of mr leonard has the effect that he was just like him when he felt embarrassed about reading and could not and mr leonard could not read which made him embraced to tell of why he cant which was because of his background .
paul had the same problem as mr . leonard they both couldnt read . but the difference paul had a reading program to go and mr . leonard didnt . so paul sees the similarity between mr . leonard and him with reading .
when paul learns that mr . leonard run track in college and bone some records he realizes how he know so much about track and understands why he is helping him once he is told about how he flunked out of college . paul realize that he can help mr . leonard to so he returns the favor and helps him with what he struggled with in school .
the background information about mr . leonard effects paul because it was surprising that a janitor was a star athlete in college . paul is overwhelmed because mr . leonard broke records and won the meter hurdles at the nationals .
paul understood where mr . leonard was coming from . he also realized they were similar . mr . leonard helped paul train for hurtles and paul decided he could give something in return by teaching mr . leonard to read .
i think that paul noticed how great of person he was . he already had respect for mr . leonard and did as he was told but once he found out he was a track star in college it helped him realize his possibilities . it made paul more confident to find out that a successful man like him could not read as well .
the effect it had on paul was somewhat like the effect paul had on mr . leonard sympathy . they knew how each other felt not knowing how to read . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all to familiar to me . i knew them well feeling of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . paul helped mr . leonard just like he had helped paul .
the information effects paul because he finds out that mr . leonard is just like him he cant read . when the coach gave paul that url and website to search him . and he read about mr . leonard paul wanted to help him be able to read . just like mr . leonard is helping him .
c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training . this statement made by paul shows that the background information that was given touched paul emotionally . after hearing mr . leonard s story paul made a mental connection with him . they both couldn t read . they had something in common . this new connection lead to paul being willing to help mr . leonard and allowing them to have a closer friendship and to be more empathetic toward one another .
he understands why mr . leonard worked with him to do this . mr . leonard was good athlete b t didnt know how to read by they didnt have help centers .
the information paul learns on mr . leonard makes him wonder and probably think of him as a role model . paul had no idea he was an awesome hurtle runner and to find out he got kicked out of college for grades probably makes paul feel like he can help him just like mr . leonard helped him with hurtles .
after the realization of mr . leonard s past paul wanted to help him . paul saw that mr . leonard was sad and a little regretful about flunking out of college so he wanted to teach him . mr . leonard had assisted paul and now paul wanted to assist mr . leonard by tutoring him in reading comprehension .
paul and mr . leonard both have the same thing in common they both do not know how to read . both are afraid to read aloud and talk in front of the class . but after a while of talking to mr . leonard paul finds out that he was an amazing track athlete . mr . leonard teaches paul the lesson of nothing is impossible without determination .
the effect it has on paul is that mr . leonard is just like him except he never learned how to read . paul now knows he has a chance to make something of himself because he gets extra help unlike mr . leonard .
from the way that paul responded from the information about mr . leonard he seemed surprised and kind of angry that mr . leonard didnt tell him . once he explained his reasons for why he didnt tell paul i think paul understood more . i think now paul has more of a connection with mr . leonard because they have something in common . neither of them can read and they are both good at hurdles . towards the end of the story it makes them closer .
mr . leonard was in the same situation that paul was in . he is unable to read but is a good at running track . it effects paul by making him want to help mr . leonard to read which is at the end of the story .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard past as a track star who flunked out of college because he couldn t read he saw it as an opportunity to help him . mr . leonard had helped paul become good at track and in return paul said he would help him learn to read .
the background information about mr . leonard motivates paul to help him with something . when he questions him and finds out the truth he says c mon mr . leonard . it s time to start your training .
all the background information on paul is the same as mr . leonard . paul said in the second paragraph though the seventh he was had a conversation with mr . leonard . mr . leonard asked paul where do you think you re going . paul said learning center . mr . leonard asked why . paul said why i can t read . later on in the story paul pulled out a piece of paper and said why didn t you tell me about this mr . leonard said i looked good back then didn t i paul said you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records . mr . leonard said i remember best race of my life . paul said well what happened after that mr . leonard said i was a good athlete but not a good student . we had no learning center in our school . i relied on friends to help me get by but even then the work was always to hard . paul said but you went to college . mr . leonard said things were different back then the college scouts told me that my grades didn t matter that i d have tutors to help me but college work is a whole lot harder than high school work i lost my scholarship and flunked of . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . see both paul and mr . leonard can t read . they are almost alike .
paul is a little touched by the information he finds out about mr . leonard . paul knows with a lot of effort and continued practice he can be a decent track and field athlete . paul has a reading disability and works hard in the school s learning center and discovers that mr . leonard flunked out of college because of his reading abilities . this motivated paul to help mr . leonard and to make sure he becomes a better reader .
after paul listened to mr . leonard s story about his college experience it opens his eyes and makes him realize what he must do . paul wants to pay mr . leonard back not with money but with knowledge . at the end of the story paul tells mr . leonard that it s time to start your training meaning its time to learn to read .
it makes paul feel sorry for him and then teach him how to read .
the effect the background information on mr . leonard had on paul was sad because he was in the exact situation that he was in . mr . leonard couldn t read . but he was a really good athlete . he had lost his scholarship though because he couldn t read . paul wanted to help mr . leonard like he helped paul because he felt grateful toward him . so paul started helping mr . leonard learn to read .
when paul gets the url from the coach to check out mr . leonard background he could not believe it . this guy was just like paul . he won many awards for track but the one disadvantage that he had was he had flunked out of college because he did not know how to read . after paul figured out that mr . leonard could not read because he had to ask him his name he knew he was going through the same thing . paul thought that since mr . leonard helped him achieve what he wanted with the track that paul would help him out by getting back into college . at least try to help him find a center that would enable him to become better at what he could not do . paul was just helping mr . leonard like he helped paul .
when paul discovers that mr . leonard can t read he understands mr . leonard s feelings about flunking out of college . paul also knows why he was asked what his name was even tho mr . leonard sees his pass every day . it also explains why mr . leonard did get suspicious about paul leaving class early . since mr . leonard helped paul so much he wanted to return the favor and invited mr . leonard to his study group .
paul learns that mr . leonard never learned how to read and paul struggles with that himself and has to have special help while at school . he connects with mr . leonard as mentioned in paragraph the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all to familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud . . . and understands who mr . leonard feels . after learned about mr . leonard s history paul looks back on the days that mr . leonard helped him with hurdles and decides to help mr . leonard learn to read .
at first paul is round for mr . leonard because he broke records in collage . but then when he finds out mr . leonard flunked out of collage because he had a hard time reading . paul felt sympathy . and realized since mr . leonard helped him that he could help read better .
paul never knew that mr . leonard was in track . he learned that he was good at hurdles and broke records . mr . leonard then told paul that he flunked out of college because he couldn t read also . paul then felt closer to mr . leonard and a little bad for him because they didn t have help at his school . so paul decided to help him read .
after reading and finding out all he did about mr . leonard paul felt that he was no longer alone in feeling left out . he had finally found someone who in all reality was just like him . as paul talks to mr . leonard about what he read and seeing his reaction to the things that were discussed paul decided the best thing to do was to help mr . leonard out by helping him learn to read .
paul shows an interest to him and try to help . paul understand the situation of mr . leonard . therefore paul interested in help him our
the back ground information on mr . leonard reflects on paul because mr . leonard was in the same situation as paul . paul realizes that mr . leonard is empathetic and it motivates him to do good . paul feels the same ways at mr . leonard an wants to return the favor .
when paul learns about mr . leonard s past he doesn t get discouraged . instead it motivates him to help mr . leonard . paul wants to help mr . leonard like mr . leonard helped him . in paragraph forty five paul states that he understands the emotions that mr . leonard felt and that is why he decides to start training him in reading at the end of the story .
paul is surprised that mr . leonard never told him about when he had ran the hurdles in high school . paul asks mr . leonard about why he never told him . once he finds out why he feels a stronger connection between the two . he feels as if he has found a way to give back to mr . leonard also . we know this because at the end of the story the narrator says c mon mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
paul discovers the truth about mr . leonard and he was familiar with the same feeling and situation . when mr . leonard first tells paul about what he used to be paul was filled with unbelief . until he explained his situation of not being able to read and dropping out of school paul knew those feelings and it motivates him to try harder to be the best he can while training so that he may make mr . leonard proud .
paul is a lot like mr . leonard they both couldn t read but they were really good at hurdles . mr . leonard got helped with grades but it didn t work it was still to hard for him . the only thing he was good at was track . mr . leonard beat all kinds of records and the meter hurdles but struggle in school . paul is the same way when mr . leonard found out he paul couldn t read he remembered how it was like being called out in class to read . mr . leonard decided to help with hurdles and become good at them so he can fill like he can accomplish anything in his life .
the background information makes paul wonder why mr . leonard didnt tell him about how he was a big athlete in college . he feels that he can relate to mr . leonard . because he cant read all that well but he is good at track .
the background information about mr . leonard has a staggering effect on paul . paul is astounded that his coach was such an impressive athlete in his prime . his first actions are to inquire about his coach s former accomplishments .
i think that paul really relates to mr . leonard background information because he couldn t read back when he was a kid and neither can paul . that is why mr . leonard took paul to do hurdles because it will help him feel more accepted and he will know that he is good at something just like mr . leonard .
i think that the information that paul learns about mr . leonard makes him respect him more because he knows that he was once a good track star so he thinks that he will be a good coach . i also think that paul felt a lot more comfortable with mr . leonard when he found out that he couldn t read because he felt like he could relate to mr . leonard more .
the background information the paul learns about mr . leonard effects him by showing him that he s not the only one with reading problems and the mr . leonard was just like him as a kid . it also makes him want to learn more and help mr . leonard learn how to read too .
the background information paul finds on mr . leonard has a huge effect on paul because he has a lot in common with mr . leonard . mr . leonard was great at hurdles and so is paul . mr . leonard also does not know how to read and that is what paul has troubles with and is trying to fix . the information on mr . leonard makes paul want to strive more for what he could have .
in the story the reader is told of mr . leonard s achievements in track and his failures as a student . it is said that although he was able to win and set records nationally he wasnt able to pursue this track career because he couldn t maintain his grades . through learning this paul is able to empathize . he can relate to mr . leonard s struggles and take that to know that he was not just the child with a learning disability but also the child with potential in his seemingly disappointing life .
paul has sympathy for mr . leonard because paul knows how he is feeling . paul will get called on in class to read or give an answer . he gets embarrassed when he does not know the answer and everyone else in the class does . paul then realizes that mr . leonard helped him with hurdles and paul can help mr . leonard with reading .
paul feels that he understand s mr . leonard better because he knows what it is like to not be able to read . this makes him want to work harder and then teach mr . leonard to read .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a track star he wonders why he isn t anymore . when mr . leonard tells him that he flunked out of his scholarship paul is very empathetic to him because he knows how mr . leonard feels . when paul finds out about all of this he wants to help mr . leonard .
by learning about mr . leonard s past paul feels motivated to overcome the difficulties that are ahead of him . paul feels that he should work harder on everything in his life after discovering mr . leonard s career in college track .
when paul learns of mr . leonard s past he becomes sympathetic towards mr . leonard s reading difficulties which paul also has . this sympathy is expressed when paul tells mr . leonard that it s time to start his training . this meaning that paul is trying to help mr . leonard overcome his problems .
the background information that the reader receives about mr . leonard is that he used to be a track star in college and that he could not read . also that when he was in school he was not a good student and relied on friends to help him . knowing this information it had a great effect on paul . now that paul knew this he was more determined to excel in school and do well and also find something he likes and excel in that like the hurdles and track .
in gifts paul learns background information about mr . leonard . paul learns that mr . leonard was an award winning track star at his college but flunked out and lost his scholarship when he had a difficult time reading . paul responds by feeling more of a connection to mr . leonard . paul then feels motivated to train mr . leonard in reading .
the background information makes paul puzzled . paul did not understand why mr . leonard kept his college tack experience a secret . when mr . leonard told paul that he flunked out of college paul understood why he kept it a secret .
the background information that the reader gets during the story effects paul by giving him motivation . since mr . leonard was a successful track star back when he was in school he felt confidence that he could teach paul how to be a successful runner as well . throughout the story this confidence in paul helps motivate him to train and listen to mr . leonard .
when paul finds out that mr . leonard was illiterate he understands that he should help him read just as mr . leonard was helping him in track . this is implied in paragraph when the narrator tells mr . leonard it is time for his training which means the narrator will help mr . leonard to learn how to read .
the background information of mr . leonard inspires paul . the information inspires paul because he feels like there is a connection between himself and mr . leonard . mr . leonard although not able to read was successful at other things including track . by paul learning of mr . leonard s past he feels more accepted and normal .
mr . leonard and paul are two characters that are quite similar . in the story it says that both characters had a very hard time reading and they are both athletic . so mr . leonard s effect on paul is motivational . he wants paul to not repeat mr . leonard s past and instead push on and be the best he can be .
the effect that background information of mr . leonard has on paul is that he is not alone and the emotions were all too familiar to him . he knew them well . the feelings of embarrassment when he was called to read aloud in class . he knows that even if he can t read like everyone else he can still be good at something . mr . leonard gave his time to help paul excel . so paul decided to see mr . leonard excel at something to .
once paul finds out about mr . leonard past he is in shock . not knowing that the hall monitor mr . leonard was a star in college who won the four hundred meter hurdles and broke records .
paul is empathetic to mr . leonard s troubles . like paul mr . leonard was poor in school . paul feels closer to him saying that he knew mr . leonard s feelings and words were all too familiar . he realizes then that mr . leonard helped him excel in something and offers to help mr . leonard excel in something too .
the effect that the background check of mr . leonard has on paul is a good one . it opens paul s eyes and shows him that you have to be a good student first then you can be an athlete second . if you dont do it in the classroom then there is no point in even going out to try and do a sport . mr . leonard wants to live his dreams through of paul because he wants paul to do something that he was not capable of doing . this was a huge lesson in paul s life and it took him one step closer to succeeding his dreams and goals .
paul doesn t seemed surprised that mr . leonard was a star athlete in track . he s more interested in why mr . leonard never told him about it before . paul asks mr . leonard why he had never said anything before and leonard smiles sadly while he remembers the past . it turns out mr . leonard wasn t a good reader either and flunked out of college . paul has the same feelings and relates to mr . leonard . paul then supports him by telling mr . leonard it s time to start your training .
the reader gets background on mr . leonard from a track website that the coach gave him to look up . paul didn understand why he quiet . but he also didn know that leonard didn no how to read . leonard had friends in high school that would help him get thru all his classes . but college was a lot harder and leonard could not keep up with the school work so he flunked out . so paul decided to help leonard to learn how to read like leonard helped paul to overcome an obstacle cal .
when paul first discovers mr . leonard s seemingly glorious past he is puzzled at the notion that mr . leonard would keep that information from him . paul then must decide to confront mr . leonard . upon doing so he makes a greater realization that draws him closer to not only mr . leonard but himself too . paul finds out that mr . leonard also struggled with literature and reading . in fact mr . leonard s inferiority regarding the subject helps paul to identify with him for he too is plagued with the same problem . because paul discovers this he feels a drive . he feels a reason . he actually begins to feel adequate . now with the understanding that he can achieve he feels reason to pay back the favor . he decides to help mr . leonard learn to read well . without knowing that mr . leonard had once been such a star athlete who failed in academics paul would have never had made such a life changing change realizing his value .
i personally think mr . leonard giving paul his story about what he use to be and how it came crashing down really motivated paul and made him want to help mr . leonard . the fact that mr . leonard s dream was shattered because couldn t read made paul want to work hard so that he wouldn t have to fall in the same pattern as mr . leonard did when he was younger . he probably felt as if he needed to do something to make up for what happened in his younger years so paul took him to the learning center so that he could get some much needed help in reading . paul felt that mr . leonard s words were all too familiar because paul was having trouble reading as well .
they become good friends and because of mr . leonard he gets very good at hurdles . he finds out that mr . leonard can t read and because of the learning center paul helps mr . leonard how to read .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard he wonders why he didn t tell him . he approaches mr . leonard about it and finds out that he flunked out of college because he couldn t read . paul decides he wants to help mr . leonard just as mr . leonard helped him .
paul find out that mr . leonard was a good track runner but not so good at reading . it effected paul by giving him a reason to run and work harder .
he is overwhelmed with who he is talking to and that mr . leonard has the same problem he does by not bring able to read . when paul said but you went to college .
paul is surprised to find out that mr . leonard had won the meter hurdles at the nationals when he was a collage freshman . then he found out that he had flunked out of college because he couldn t read . so paul decided to help mr . leonard .
in paragraph lines when paul finds that mr . leonard couldn t read he knows the feeling the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . then paul realized he can help mr . leonard c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training .
i think that at first paul wonders why mr . leonard did not tell him that he used to be a really fast hurdler . i think paul is a little bit sad that he did not know about this . once paul finds out that mr . leonard has a hard time reading too paul begins to fell really empathetic towards mr . leonard .
the effect the background information about mr . leonard had on paul was inspiring . it was inspiring because both mr . leonard and paul had gone were going through the same thing . mr . leonard couldn t read but was excellent at sports and paul couldn t read but mr . leonard helped him excel at something so he wouldn t be a total loser . mr . leonard said it sucked to be picked last in gym class so he tried to help paul feel good about himself .
paul s opinion of mr . leonard changes for the better . paul does not realize he is running for a former famous athlete and so has no reason to prove himself . when he finds out about mr . leonard s past and what happened to him paul is sympathetic and decides to teach him to read by saying c mon mr . leonard . . . it s time to start your training .
paul finds out mr . leonard was actually a very good athlete . he went to nationals for track and field and broke records . he also found out mr . leonard was not very smart and that he flunked out of college . this made paul want to help mr . leonard to get back up and get into track and field again . paul wants to train him now .
paul had not known about mr . leonard so he did as asked . paul then was asked to go to the gym after school so he went and was fought how to jump hurtles really fast . he then goes to the track and field coach and shows him what he can do and the coach asked him to look up mr . leonard at a website to find out why he is so fast . then he learns about a lot about mr . leonard which i think inspired him to do his best and to help out his new found friend mr . leonard .
mr . leonard tells him that he also cant read and lost his scholarship for college and couldn t continue to be a racer . this made paul realize why mr . leonard wanted him to do hurdles and that the learning center can help him learn to read .
the background information has a tremendous effect on paul . i say this because he had no idea he was being trained by a collegiate athlete . he also realized that mr . leonard had the same problem he had in high school but didnt do anything to improve his study skills . paul realizes the significance of mr . leonard help .
the background information that paul the narrator gets in this story is mr . leonard was an all star track runner in high school . he broke records and got scholarships . paul also learned that mr . leonard had a hard time comprise ending reading like himself . mr . leonard flunked college because he could not read well . paul knew what it was like for mr . leonard because paul could not read well nor could he comprehend things easily .
the background information that paul gathers about mr . leonard is that he use to be a college track star . he found out that he wont the meter hurdles at the nationals and that mr . leonard broke records . mr . leonard then tells him i was a good athlete . . . but not a good student . we had no learning centers in our school . i relied on friends to help me get by but even then the work was always too hard . it turns out that just like paul mr . leonard is a talented athlete but did not receive the resources that he needed to read . luckily paul does have those resources and talent so hopefully he can make it farther than mr . leonard .
it makes paul kinda in a way want to help mr . leonard . but i also think that its gonna motivate paul because he knows that mr . leonard really wants him to succeed at this sport . mr . leonard tells paul that he was a good athlete back then but he couldnt read . he also said that he went to college but flunked out because it was too hard and how no college wanted a runner who couldnt read . so all in all i think that paul is doing this for mr . leonard .
when paul hears about how mr . leonard had a hard time in high school and collage the narrator learns that mr . leonard didn t have the type of resources to help him during his high school and collage days . paul felt much sympathy for mr . leonard and decided to help him read .
things were different back then . mr . leonard was told that grades didnt matter that he would have all the help he needed but that was all a lie . he ended up losing his scholarship and flunking out of college . no college wanted someone who couldn t read . mr . leonard were words that were familiar to paul . he was embarrassed when he was called on or when he didnt know the answer because he couldn t read . all those feelings that mr . leonard had paul had the exact . mr . leonard gave his time to help paul succeed at something . after paul realized what me . leonard was doing for him he wanted to help mr . leonard out . paul had then started training with mr . leonard .
when paul first discovers the shocking new information on mr . leonard he is a bit confused . when mr . leonard explains fully however paul quickly goes from confused to understanding . the way paul can relate to mr . leonard helps deepen their relationship and makes paul a little emotional . then inspired by how mr . leonard helped him despite the troubles he had had himself paul decides he wants to return the favor and help out mr . leonard .
it helps paul know that he isn t the only one with this problem . he realized that mr . leonard had felt the same thing that he paul was feeling . and like how mr . leonard had helped him paul decides to help mr . leonard .
paul wants to help mr . leonard . he feels the same way as mr . leonard did back when he was in high school . hes going to train him on how to read and mr . leonard is going to train paul how to do hurdles .
from the background of mr . leonard paul feels that he can relate to him way more because he can not read either . paul feels that if he can do what mr . leonard taught him he can be just like him . also at the end of the story where paul finds out that mr . leonard could not read paul wants to teach him to read just like mr . leonard taught him to run hurdles .
when paul prints out that paper on mr . leonard he learns that he was the best hurdler in the nation . paul also learns that mr . leonard couldn t read . just like paul couldn t . then mr . leonard tells paul how he flunked out of college . paul realizes how important reading is and that he can overcome any obstacle .
when paul gets background information on mr . leonard he feels that he can relate to mr . leonard . since both of them couldn t read in school and are both great runners . it also determines paul to do better in school and track .
paul figures out that mr . leonard was a really good track athlete but he could not read very well . paul didn t understand how he got to college . paul decided to help mr . leonard learn how to read . c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training .
mr . leonard eventually tells paul that he also had difficulties reading and doing school work in general when he was paul s age . however he was a good runner . his athletic ability got him into college but later as a result of his lack of academic ability he was kicked out . paul could very much relate to mr . leonard s words . when mr . leonard told him all of this paul was then encouraged to help him learn academically considering mr . leonard had help him achieve success in running the hurdles .
he probably does not understand why a man who was such a great athlete is checking for hall passes at a high school . when he asks why he never told him he realizes that he is pretty much in the same situation that mr . leonard was in .
i think the background information of mr . leonard inspired paul . after paul found out that mr . leonard was a star track runner he was shocked that mr . leonard had not already told him . paul decided that he wanted to help mr . leonard to learn how to read because after all mr . leonard was helping him become a track runner . this helps paul relate to mr . leonard better because they both have reading issues and are good track runners .
he is familiar with the things that mr . leonard had went through . neither of them can read very well . paul feels compelled to help mr . leonard with his reading skills since he helped paul improve his running ability .
he was intrigued by the efforts of mr . leonard and was motivated by him even though he flunked out . because mr . leonard flunked he had the same feelings about his school work and being embarrassed . in the last sentence paul says c mon mr . leonard . it s time to start your training . he want s to help him to excel at something as mr . leonard had for him .
the effect that the background information that paul finds on mr . leonard is shocking to paul . he wanted to why mr . leonard wouldn t tell him about about mr . leonard being the star athlete when he was in high school . when paul meets up with mr . leonard he asks him why didn t you tell me about this mr . leonard then goes on with his story about how he use to be like paul and flunked out of college because of his grades and how he was told in high school that he couldn t do track anymore because of his grades and that in college they would have tutors for him .
paul does not know what mr . leonard did before he worked at the school . paul is amazed when he learns that mr . leonard ran track in college and set national records as a freshman . mr . leonard then says he wasn t a good student and his running career was ended because of it . paul realizes how important it is to be good in school and offers to repay mr . leonard for his time by teaching him how to read .
the high school track and field coach automatically assumed that leonard grabowski was the person that was helping paul with track . he also gives paul a piece of paper with a website url and tells him to do a search for grabowski . this search pulls up information about leonard and how good he was at the hurdles his freshman year in college . paul asked leonard what had happened after leonard had the best race of his life . leonard told paul that he was a good athlete but he didn t know how to read so he was a horrible student . this was touching to paul because now he had someone else to relate to since leonard didn t know how to read either . the information that paul got will push him harder to learn how to read .
the information that paul gets helps him understand why mr . leonard was sympathetic for him . mr . leonard like paul had trouble reading . he also had potential to be a star track athlete . however mr . leonard had no chance to receive any help with his reading issues and as such was not able to make it . at the end of the story it s implied that paul was going to help mr . leonard with his reading just like mr . leonard helped paul with his track prowess .
it surprises him because mr . leonard never told him about how he was a college track star . it also makes him very excited that he is being coached by a college star .
paul understands now that the reason mr . leonard wants to help paul is because he too couldnt read when he was in high school . and realizes that they are a lot a like
paul finds out that mr . leonard was a big track star and that he could not read . so paul believes that mr . leonard is helping him because he knows what its like not to read and to be picked on and flunk out of school .
after paul finds out that mr . leonard can t read . paul decides to help mr . leonard the same way that mr . leonard helped him .
paul was influenced by mr . leonard trying to help him and it was more helpful to paul to see that mr . leonard had struggled with the same problems that paul himself struggles with . it means more when someone helps you overcome that one thing that they also had problems doing . an example would be mr . leonard doesn t help paul learn to read but he starts to train him in hurdles helping him learn how to over come ob staccato .
when paul realizes that mr . leonard had broken records in track and field and had gone to college he wondered why mr . leonard had never shared said information with him . when he asked mr . leonard about it he discovered that much like himself mr . leonard had trouble reading and learning in school . after discovering that he had many things in common academically with mr . leonard paul decided that he would help mr . leonard much like mr . leonard had voluntarily helped him . he began training mr . leonard to read well .
in the story paul seemed surprised that mr . leonard had been a former track runner and that he was good at the hurtles .
the information that he finds out about mr . leonard shocks paul . when he finds out mr . leonard was a national champion he is astounded and later when he finds out the reason he quit is because he failed out of school he knows he needs to focus on his reading so the same thing does not happen to him .
the effect that the background information on mr . leonard has on paul is that him and mr . leonard are very similar because they both had troubles with knowing how to read . both also know how it feels to be embarrassed by the fact that they can not read .
after he goes on the website and finds the articles about mr . leonard he wonders why he never told him . so when he saw him next he asked him why he never told him about being one of the best on the track team . and he told him he could t read so that influenced paul to teach mr . leonard how to read .
mr . leonard s background information inspires paul . he finds out about mr . leonard winning the meter hurdles at nationals as a freshman in college . mr . leonard flunked out of college because he couldn t read nobody really helped him . paul decides he s going to work harder in school and at track .
paul probably didn t have that much respect for mr . leonard . i mean he had some because he never cried and complained and mr . leonard reached out to him . because of mr . leonard paul gained respect for himself and didn t look so down on himself as much . when paul learned that mr . leonard was once a track star paul was shocked it seemed . paul didn t know why mr . leonard didn t tell everyone that he broke records . paul learned that everyone has flaws in themselves but it s their job to find what they are best at .
the information that paul obtained about mr . leonard probably confused and surprised paul at the same time . he was most likely excited to learn that the person who has been training him was a record breaking college runner but confused because mr . leonard never told him .
the effect the background information has in paul is that when mr . leonard was telling paul all the things that was wrong it reminded paul of himself . when mr . leonard said that he couldn t read and that he wasn t smart enough to make it through college . paul got a glimpse of his future . paul knew that the only reason that happened to him was that he never seemed help so that is why he told mr . leonard his training is to begin .
the background information that paul learns about mr . leonard makes paul feel better about himself . paul can relate to mr . leonard in the same ways since they both have trouble with reading .
paul is confused and somewhat angry . why didn t you tell me about this paul was astonished at the fact that mr . leonard would not tell him about such an amazing accomplishment . mr . leonard replied with comments such as i was a good athlete but not a good student . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . paul felt as if he had some of mr . leonard s qualities in him and since mr . leonard help him he should return the favor . it s time too start you training .
paul finds out that mr . leonard could not read just like himself . and also that mr . leonard was a track star . it made paul feel honored to be taught by a track and field legend .
paul becomes fast at the m hurdles and mr . leonard broke records as a freshman at nationals but they both can t read and mr . leonard failed out of college because of it . and it shocks paul greatly cause now he is put into an identical position .
the information effected paul because mr . leonard is a great athlete . mr . leonard was very good in school and he flunked out of college because of his grades . mr . leonard inspired paul because they are very similar paul was bad at school also and paul is also a great athlete . it gave paul so inspiration in life to succeed .
paul is shocked when he finds out who mr . leonard really is . then when paul learns that mr . leonard cant read either he has remorse for him . paul new his pain all to well and that why he decided to help mr . leonard learn to read .
the effect that the background information has on paul was that he became motivated for something he had never done before . he had felt like he had something in common with mr . leonard . mr . leonard went through the same troubles as paul is now . mr . leonard said that he could not read either .
paul is very impressed by mr . leonard s track talents . he feels very empathetic for mr . leonard when he learns he can t read because paul has the same problem . paul has even felt the same feelings of embarrassment when asked to read aloud for this reason he feels for mr . leonard .
when paul found out that mr . leonard was a track star in collage he was amazed by his discovery . when paul saw mr . leonard the next day paul asked him about the printout that paul had printed out the night before then mr . leonard explain the first parts of his track career . the paul asked him what else happened and mr . leonard explain that he copied off his friends in high school and didn t do hardly any of the work but once he got the collage he didn t know what to do so therefore he lost his scholarship and flunked out of collage .
paul is shocked by the information about mr . leonard . in paragraph paul explains that mr . leonard emotions are similar to his own .
in the story paul finds out that mr . leonard was just like him in school couldnt read . paul was all too familiar with the words mr . leonard had said . mr . leonard had flunked out of school and lost his scholarship . paul is willing to help mr . leonard learn how to read and mr . leonard is willing to help paul get a scholarship .
paul had that familiar incident when he couldnt read and like mr . leonard he really felt for him .
near the end of the story paul visits the website mr . leonard tells him to go to and paul is amazed mr . leonard was a track star in college . mr . leonard tells paul that he flunked out of college and lost his college scholarship because he couldn t read and paul was empathetic and in return decides to teach mr . leonard how read since he helped paul in excelling at hurdling .
paul was impressed by mr . leonard s record as a college track star which is evident by paul s interest and impressed tone when he confronted mr . leonard . when mr . leonard informed paul of his reading disability paul sympathized with mr . leonard s emotions of embarrassment . the challenge and talent that mr . leonard had in common with paul inspired paul to return mr . leonard s generosity with his time so paul will likely teach mr . leonard to read .
paul learned about mr . leonard from the high school track coach in the story . he learned of the site on the internet and look it up giving him the information that mr . leonard was a very talented college hurdler that later he found out couldn t read . paul then finds out that mr . leonard was kicked out of college and could t get into another one because he couldn t read .
the background information effects paul because it shows paul what mr . leonard was when he was at his age . they both had problems with reading and they both were good runners . paul learns that mr . leonard gotten kicked out of college for not being able to read and had to give up his scholarship . this is what effects paul and he would learn from mr . leonard mistakes and become a better reader .
paul find out that mr . leonard was a track star but he flunked out because he made bad grades . it makes paul think that he is not alone . paul really wants to try now to read and teach mr . leonard how to read .
paul sees himself in mr . leonard . they both can t read but both are good at track .
when paul found out about mr . leonard he was empathetic . the emotions they both had was all too familiar and paul has had the feelings also .
the effect it has on paul is that it motivates him and gives him more compassion . it motivates him to take advantage of the help he gets in school so that he can have more opportunities instead of losing them like mr . leonard had . it also gives him more compassion because he decides to return the favor of what mr . leonard had taught him about hurdling by beginning to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the background information surprises paul because this man was helping him at a high school instead of running for a team himself . he did not expect the man to be famous . he also learns how mr . leonard s lack of ability to read had limited him and inspires him to keep trying .
it has a really good effect on paul he finds out that a star athlete comes from a similar background . neither of them could read and both good at track . they helped each other out .
paul knows that mr . leonard had trouble reading when he was younger too . he knows he s not the only person that can t read . if you can achieve a goal you can do anything .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard didnt inform him about being a star athlete and not being able to read . he soon caught on that mr . leonard was wanting to help him do something that he wasnt able to continue to do since he couldnt read in college . paul was understanding about his problem since he himself could not read but was getting help for it unlike mr . leonard did . in conclusion at the end of the short story paul states c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training . now paul is going to assist mr . leonard with his reading .
the background information that paul gets about mr . leonard was familiar . mr . leonard didn t have good grades through school and also had a hard time reading . paul was already getting help with his grades and reading before mr . leonard started training him for track and field . mr . leonard didn t have help with his grades . he is helping paul become the athlete that mr . leonard used to be . paul and mr . leonard have had very similar childhoods .
paul learns that mr . leonard used to be a hurdler in college and that he won the meter hurdles at the nationals . when he asks mr . leonard what happened after that mr . leonard explains that he couldn t read and that he flunked out of college . it reminded paul of the feelings of embarrassment when he didn t know an answer that everyone else did or when he was call upon to read out loud .
when pull finds out about mr . leonard flunking out of college because he can t read he feels sympathy and he knows how mr . leonard feels . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . paul p .
it gives paul away to see mr . leonard as an equal . paul now can see why mr . leonard is helping him and is thankful . paul then sees how he himself can pay back mr . leonard by teaching him to read .
this background information helps paul realize why mr . leonard was helping him out . before knowing that mr . leonard was a college track star paul didn t really have a reason for why he went out of his way to work with him . paul also makes another realization when he finds out that mr . leonard had trouble reading and learning just like he did .
this effected paul because he saw how the hall monitor helped him succeed in a sport so he wanted to help the hall monitor read . paul connected leonard because they both had a hard time reading . once paul knew leonard couldn t read that well he decides to teach him as leonard thought paul . leonard was a great athlete but got kicked out of school when he flunked out of school .
the effect that the background information has on paul about mr . leonard is similar to paul s own life . paul was one of the few selected to go to the learning center and then when paul found out that mr . leonard flunked college that effect gave them similarities . the effect made paul want to work harder and he took mr . leonard to the learning center with him .
the effect the background information had on paul was that paul knew how mr . leonard s felt about not being able to read and about being an outcast on things he couldn t do . paul knew the emotions in mr . leonard s words they were all to familiar to paul . he knew them well feelings of embarrassment .
he was surprised . in fact he pulled out the document about mr . leonard s accomplishment and showed it to him . it confuses paul because mr . leonard didn t seem happy about seeing the printout . it turned out that mr . leonard was a great at hurdles but wasn t the best student . because he couldn t read .
paul has sympathy for mr . leonard because they both have problems with learning . they both have struggled with the obstacle of learning how to read . paul reacts in a caring way when he finds out mr . leonard struggles with reading . paul decides to take mr . leonard to the reading center to help him learn how to read . he does this because he is returning a favor . mr . leonard helped him come out of his shell with hurdling so it was only fitting that paul would help him out with reading .
the effect that has on paul is it makes him feel empathetic towards mr . leonard . paul understands how mr . leonard feels with being one of the only people around who has trouble reading . the fact of how mr . leonard explains how hard it was to accomplish homework made paul feel a connection of similar problems . that s because paul also has had to struggle to get his homework done . plus this makes paul understand how he could turn out if he didnt learn adequate reading skills to not flunk out like mr . leonard .
the background information paul found out on mr . leonard were familiar to him . he knew what it felt like to not be able to read to feel embarrassed about being called and not knowing an answer everyone knew . the information he found inspired him to help mr . leonard learn to read the way mr . leonard trained him to for jumping hurdles on the track team .
the background information that paul finds about mr . leonard allows him to empathize with and understand why mr . leonard is helping him . he realizes that mr . leonard knows what paul himself is going through and decides to help mr . leonard just as mr . leonard helped him .
when paul gets the information of mr . leonard from the url paul is quite amazed that mr . leonard was an amazing track athlete . mr . leonard broke records and won the meter national title and paul doesnt understand why he is a hall monster . that is until mr . leonard confess that he cannot read after that moment paul tells mr . leonard that it is his time to learn .
mr . leonard was a bad reader in high school and in college . mr leonard had friends help him with his work in high school and then in college he had a tutors to help him but it was still hard for mr . leonard to keep his grades up in college . mr leonard doesn t want paul to go there the same thing so he helps him with track and field . this will help paul try harder to learn to read in middle school .
it gave paul hope that some day he would be able to read . it also helped paul understand that mr . leonard could not read so he would help be able to read .
the information that is found on mr . leonard is a big impact on paul . he see s that anyone can do anything if they have help . in high school mr . leonard had the same problems he was excellent in sports but his grades weren t as outstanding as his sports were . mr . leonard was only given a scholarship based upon his sports not his grades . mr . leonard then failed out of college and no other college wanted a runner that could t read . paul then knew he was in the exact same thing and he wanted to help mr . leonard just as he helped him .
that paul realizes that mr . leonard was a track star in college that funked out because he couldn t read . so paul is surprised cause he found out they were alike in a lot of ways .
paul found out that mr . leonard was a star in college and broke records for the hurdles . paul later found out that mr . leonard was flunked out of college because he didn t know how to read . paul related to this because he himself doesn t know how to read and he knows the feeling of embarrassment that mr . leonard had . paul now wants to return the favor and help him to learn how to read .
paul sees himself in the background information he found about mr . leonard . paul becomes emphatic towards mr . leonard who can not read and in the forty sixth paragraph paul foreshadows that he will teach mr . leonard how to read such as mr . leonard taught paul how to run in track .
the effect is that paul realizes that he is going to be just like mr . leonard . who cant read and flunks out of college but amazing at track and had scholarships . so paul says c mon mr . leonard i said walking back toward school . it s time to start your training . this is said to mr . leonard to return the favor ardor paul realizing how much help mr . leonard has done for him .
paul learns that he must keep working hard and going to the learning center for help or being a good runner is not going to get you anywhere . paul could see the sadness in mr . leonard s face about when he would talk about his running and then how he flunked out of college because the work was so hard he couldn t keep up .
when paul reads about mr . leonard life at college he realizes that he and mr . leonard are the same . and that mr . leonard is trying to help him get into college and get the life he never had . he connects with him and feels sorry for him . so paul then helps coach mr . leonard in reading which is a lesson mr . leonard has yet to learn .
during the story paul gets background information about mr . leonard . it caused some effect on paul once he knew . paul finds out that mr . leonard was a college gresham who won the meter hurdles at the nationals and broke records for the school but like paul he had a really hard time in school and had none to help him so he flunked out . it had an effect on paul because paul had a hard time in school too but it made him realize that if he has help and tries his absolute best then paul could do really well in school and become better and better at hurtles .
the effect that the background information of mr . leonard had on paul was that he was surprised because mr . leonard hadn t told him anything about it let alone mention it . when paul had found out that mr . leonard flunked college because he had reading problems and the homework was to hard for him to understand he knew that it was his turn to help improve mr . leonard s reading like he had helped him improve burdening .
it shows who he was really training with when he did not realize it before . if he would have known mr . leonard was a former hurdle runner who ran state he might have felt bad if he did not do good one day . then he realized mr . leonard helped so he should help him with his reading .
paul is effected by the background information because what he learns he can really relate too . paul finds out that mr . leonard can t read just as paul can t . he decides that since mr . leonard taught him to hurdle he would teach mr . leonard to read .
paul was not expecting to find out something so interesting about mr . leonard . the next day after finding the information about mr . leonard . he asked him about it . mr . leonard did not seem to excited and happy when he saw what paul had . even though he felt embarrassed by the past . he still answered paul . after listening to mr . leonard explain his past . he felt familiar with the feelings . paul felt inspired . he then asked mr . leonard to come with him . so paul could then help mr . leonard just like he done for paul .
paul can relate to how mr . leonard feels . he has felt the same way before and still does in school . in a way the two are very much alike in more than one way . both are very well runners but fail to excel in school . this makes pull want to help himself and mr . leonard by putting mr . leonard through a different type of training reading .
paul towards the end of the story is informed that mr . leonard was a college track star . mr . leonard tells him while in high school he struggled with reading . he also told him he never learned and was kick out of college because of his lack of reading skills . this allowed paul to see that him and mr leonard were similar . mr leonard effected paul by telling him know that he can get over any hurdle .
paul learned about mr . leonard from the website that the track coach had written down for him . the website gave paul some background information on mr . leonard and this helped paul relate to mr . leonard s situation as a fellow student who could not read . the information also made paul feel more emotionally attached to his trainer as in paragraph where he knew the feelings of embarrassment . the background information had an emotional effect on paul that helped him relate to mr . leonard .
the effect that mr . leonard s background has on paul is that he knows the feeling and feels really bad for him . paul says he knows the embarrassment of not being able too read . now paul wants too help mr . leonard learn how too read .
during the story the reader gets information about mr . leonard s track records . paul now knows that mr . leonard was once a wonderful track star and he is now helping paul become better . the background information that has the greatest effect on paul is that mr . leonard has a reading problem just like him . mr . leonard helped paul to become better at hurdles now paul wants to help mr . leonard become better at reading .
in the story paul finds out mr . leonard was a famous track runner in college . then also finds out that he flunked out because he couldn t read . it makes paul feel like he can relate to someone . he even says the emotions in mr leonard s words were all too familiar . as if he knows exactly how mr . leonard feels .
the information that paul finds out makes him feel sorry for mr . leonard because he has felt the same way because he has trouble reading also . this is why at the end of the story paul decides to help teach mr . leonard how to read .
it effects paul because he can relate to mr . leonard s story . bad reading skills trained to get good at track etc . in a way i think it motivates paul to become good at track but also focus on getting into a good college and using the learning center to get his reading to a better level .
mr . leonard s background information effected paul by making him realize that he and mr . leonard are similar . this is because both have struggled with reading . paul can relate to mr . leonard because in paragraph paul references a time when he was too embarrassed to answer in class because he couldn t read aloud the answer .
the background information he receives from his track coach to research about mr . leonard gives paul a whole new way to look at mr . leonard . paul discovers that mr . leonard was a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at national . he discovered he broke records and asked mr . leonard about his past life . the information paul soon receives from mr . leonard has a great impact on him . this is so by mr . leonard also not being able to read like paul although they didn t have service learning centers back then . therefore paul decides to help mr . leonard begin to start reading .
during the story paul finds out about mr . leonard s past as a college hurdler . paul knew what it felt like to be embarrassed about his reading problem as well . he felt that it was fair to help mr . leonard . after all mr . leonard had helped paul discover that he could excel in hurdles . paul then led mr . leonard back to the school with the intent to teach mr . leonard how to read .
one effect that learning about mr . leonard track history had was giving paul the idea to help mr . leonard to read . since mr . leonard helped paul paul wants to help mr . leonard . knowing his past could have also given paul a reason to excel in track . since mr . leonard failed out of college although being an excellent athlete paul might want too prove himself to mr . leonard and himself that he can succeed . also if paul succeeds mr . leonard does too since he taught paul everything .
mr . leonard is kind of like paul they both have trouble with reading but they are both wonderful athletes and mr . leonard wants paul to succeed in life he wants paul to have the our ti unity that he didnt .
paul thinks of himself as not as good as everybody else because he can t read well and at first didn t play any sports . he seems to think he is the only athlete that has problems with school grades . paul learns that mr . leonard was a great athlete but didn t know how to read . this makes paul think that he is not the only one who has problems reading and is an athlete . this seems to make paul feel better about himself and helps him decide to encourage mr . leonard to start learning to read .
the background information made paul wonder why mr . leonard was a hall monitor . mr . leonard was a college freshman who won the meter hurdles and broke school records for it . paul was surprised to hear how mr . leonard couldn t read . that he flunked out of college because he was never learned how to read .
paul is very surprised that mr . leonard had not told him about how he was a college track star . paul asked him why didn t you tell me about this .
when paul found out that mr . leonard did hurdles in collage ran meter hurdles at the nationals he was very enthused .
when paul received information about mr . leonard he was shocked . he did not know that he was a record breaking track runner or that he did not finish track and for that matter collage .
the background information that paul gets from mr . leonard helps motivate him . it might make paul really work on his reading . even though paul is still young his running abilities may get him to also get a scholarship like mr . leonard and for that he wouldn t want to lose his scholarship because of his grades either . you can tell by that from when he tells mr . leonard c mon mr . leonard it s time you start your training .
i will write about why i feel that what paul found out about mr . leonard effects him in anyway . i think that the background information effected paul because he realized something new and very important about his teacher coach . when he told mr . leonard about the url he received mr . leonard told paul about his past . that why i think that what paul found out about mr . leonard effects . they basically have the same issues in their lives . another reason why i feel like it effects paul is because paul can relate to mr . leonard and paul can understand how he feels . paul and mr . leonard have the same issue with reading and paul feels since he is learning how to read he can teach help mr . leonard at reading also .
the background information paul gets on mr . leonard motivates paul to be a better track runner . because paul like mr . leonard can not read very well and doesn t want to end up dropping out of college like mr . leonard did .
when paul learns of mr . leonard s past he is encouraged because mr . leonard could not read but still broke records in track . paul also want to return the kindness mr . leonard has shown him so paul is going to teach mr . leonard how to read .
throughout the story there are times when you suspect that mr . leonard is just like paul . when they are at the track and mr . leonard asks for paul name is a good sign that mr . leonard cannot read either . mr . leonard sees in paul the likeness and commoners that they share . the effect it has on paul is the support he gets from someone just like him . paul can finally believe he can be great at something and that trying hard is not just a waste of time . mr . leonard wants to help paul out but the only way for him to help is if paul lets him . paul may not know exactly what mr . leonard went through right off the bat . but little by little paul finds out and it motivates paul to be a better person athlete and harder worker .
paul can t read and neither could mr . leonard . so when mr . leonard starts training paul he doesn t tell him his story because he doesn t want him to discouraged and stop . when paul does find out his story he asked about it . mr . leonard explained it to him and inspired paul to help him . at the end of the story paul takes mr . leonard to his reading class and says it s time to start your training . since mr . leonard helped paul he returns the favor .
paul realizes that mr . leonard has trouble reading just like him . also paul understands why mr . leonard wanted to help him be good in a sport that he liked because mr . leonard didn t want him to be left out the same way he was when he was in college .
paul does research and realizes that mr . leonard was a college hurdler who broke records in only his freshman year . when he questions mr . leonard what happened to him leonard tells him that he flunked out because he could not read . i lost my scholarship and flunked out . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . this touches paul because he cannot read either . it makes him feel much more comfortable around leonard now that he knows they both have experienced similar hurdles in life .
the background information about mr . leonard that paul heard was touching to him . he knew those emotions and feelings of embarrassment . an example of how paul knew those feelings where when he gets called upon to read aloud or when he didn t know an answer that everyone else knew . i think paul could really relate to mr . leonard and also so could mr . leonard relate to paul . since mr . leonard taught him a lesson and helped him out he wants to teach him how to read .
he highly apr inmates what mr . leonard has done for him . now knowing mr . leonard has the same problem as he does he wants to help him out just like mr . leonard helped him .
during the story when paul receives the information about his coach mr . leonard he has mixed feelings he is some what shocked and partially confused at first . this assumption is made through paul asking questions about mr . leonard college days . his feelings of shock and awe are expressed just through his first question why didn t you tell me about this . however after mr . leonard explains his journey in college to paul he feels as if he knows what he had gone through . paul ultimately feels like he owes mr . leonard and decides to train him .
paul is surprised because he never knew that the guy who been helping and motivating was once an college track star .
paul is effected by finding out mr . leonard s background as a star in track is paul becomes inspired to do well in track just like mr leonard .
i think that mr . leonard background information has a big effect on paul . i think this because before mr . leonard actually talked to paul paul had no idea what mr . leonard past life was like . in sentence thirty eight paul said this you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records . this makes me think that paul will try harder at everything he does just because he found out about mr . leonard past .
when paul learns about mr . leonard s past he s at first surprised and wonders why this was kept from him all this time and why he would go through all the trouble to teach him . once he learns that he flunked college because he couldnt read well that encouraged paul to work harder at reading and teach mr . leonard how to read better just like he taught paul to be a athlete .
the background story of mr . leonard is something that is familiar to paul . mr . leonard had went through school not knowing how to read . he had a difficult time throughout high school and college . he had nobody to help him . paul has help from both his tutor and mr . leonard . he feels as if all the help leonard has given he should return some of it . paul wants to help him just as he helped paul .
when paul does background check on mr . leonard he is very surprised at what he finds . paul learns that mr . leonard broke records in track and went onto college with a scholarship . when paul told mr . leonard that he knew about he history in track and wanted to know why he did not tell him of his great achievements . when paul hears that he flunked school because he could not read paul feels for him because he is in the same situation and knows how it feels .
in what paul says in paragraph we can infer that he is amazed that mr . leonard was a track star in high school and confused that mr . leonard didn t tell him . it also probably surprised him that mr . leonard didn t become famous because he couldn t read because earlier in the story he was confused because mr . leonard asked his name after seeing his hall pass on multiple occasions .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was a college track star that broke many records . then a while later paul has a conversation with him . mr . leonard tells him that he had to drop out because he wasn t a good student . this relates to paul because he can t read that well .
paul had the same problem as mr . leonard . he knew how it felt not to read . he wanted to help mr . leonard since he helped him .
paul is embarrassed by his reading problems but later he finds out that mr . leonard and him are not so different because in mr . leonard s past life as a hurdler he struggled with reading too .
the effect the background information has on paul is understanding . paul sees that to be successful that he has to learn to read . and if you dont that you miss out on really good opportunity s that will never come again . paul wants to teach mr . leonard how to read so that he isn t embarrassed about not being able to read for the rest of his life .
the background information mr . leonard told paul took an effect on him . paul realized that if he tried harder at his reading and at his hurdles he could go to college with a scholarship like mr . leonard but graduate . it s teaching paul a lesson that your education is what really matters .
when he realizes that his coach is a famous athlete his whole attitude towards him changes . he realizes that he was once a great athlete and that is why hes trying to help him . yet then he finds out that he cant read this discourages him yet brings him to the conclusion that since mr . leonard taught him well its time to teach him something .
the background information on mr . leonard had a motivating effect on paul because mr . leonard had the same problem as paul who was also a great runner .
he was really surprised that mr . leonard was a collage athlete and he broke records . when mr . leonard told paul that he wasnt a good reader he couldnt under stand why not until mr . leonard explained to him the situation that the scoots told him not to worry about the grades just worry about the sport and he failed his classes and mr . leonard had to drop out . mr . leonard wants to set a goal for paul to achieve .
paul realizes that mr . leonard feels the same way he does about reading . he wants to help mr . leonard to become a better reader just like mr . leonard is helping him with track .
paul is motivated by the information because mr . leonard was a star athlete and has given his time to help his time to help excel at something . paul also is sympathetic towards his coach because mr . leonard can t read like paul . paul is then motivated to invest time in mr . leonard teaching him something that he doesn t know how to do .
when paul learns the background information of mr . leonard it motivates him to excel both in track and field as well as in school . in addition to motivating paul the background of mr . leonard also inspires him to do well in everything he does and gives him the idea to help mr . leonard back .
paul feels that he can relate to the senator and is glad to know that he is not the only one with the problem of not being able to read very well
that paul is totally surprised about the hall monitor mr . leonard being a track star in college and being one of the best . that been training him on the track everyday . from going to the learning center during the week and then having mr . leonard teach him how to hurtle and train him . then mr . leonard tells him why he drops out of college from not knowing how to read and that you are lucky that you have a learning center . then paul looks at mr . leonard and says you have training to do .
during the story paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star and that he went to college and ran hurdles . but he also finds out that mr . leonard didn t do well in school . so paul can kind of relate to this . i think that this helps paul realize that he could be good at something too .
he figures out that mr . leonard was a college hurdler which he then asks him why ne never told him and then mr . leonard told him that he was embarrassed because he lost his scholarship because he couldn t read so paul then realizes why mr . leonard took such interest in him after school . paul then decides to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the background information that paul discovers about mr . leonard makes him suspicious of why mr . leonard did not tell paul about his past . paul finds it odd that mr . leonard would not tell him that he was a great track star . after finding the background information about mr . leonard paul says to him why didn t you tell me about this you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records . paul says this to mr . leonard because he is curious why he is not proud of his past accomplishments . surprisingly paul learns that mr . leonard is more like himself then he realized . paul discovers one of mr . leonard most embarrassing secrets that he has never learned to read either and that his grades were so bad that he flunked out of college . paul then realizes why mr . leonard asked him his name that first day at the track he was never able to read paul s name on his hall pass . after learning about mr . leonard s past it motivates paul to work even harder at school and at track . it also gives paul the idea to teach mr . leonard how to read . mr . leonard s background information made paul realize that if he worked hard then he would be capable of anything .
in the story paul finds out the mr . leonard was a track star in college and that he broke records . he also found out that he could not read although he was a great runner . when paul finds out this information it gives him motivation to try harder and to work at things that do not always come easy to everyone . this motivates paul to work hard in his tutoring and in the learning center . it also gives him the motivation to tutor mr . leonard at the end of the story . he thinks that it is time for mr . leonard to learn how to read .
the background information on mr . leonard helped paul under stand why leonard trained paul in track .
paul was shocked to find out that mr . leonard was a hurdler in college . that information motivated paul to be a better hurdler . it made the bond that paul and mr . leonard shared stronger .
paul realizes that mr . leonard is just like him . when paul sees who mr . leonard really is he is shocked . you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles ar the nationals . your broke records . paul now sees that mr . lenard did know what he was talking about when he was teaching him to jump hurdles .
paul realizes that mr . leonard can t read just like himself . so paul now understands why mr . l told him to meet him after school . paul then realizes what he could do for mr . l .
the effect of the background information has on paul is that he is that he can relate to mr . leonard . the feelings of embarrassment were familiar to him when he was called on to real aloud in class . this effects paul because he is more motivated to succeed in something and also help mr . leonard in return .
at the beginning of the story paul thinks that mr . leonard is just a grumpy man who wants to get kids in trouble . then he helps paul learn the hurdles and paul begins to like him . when the track coach told paul to search for mr . leonard on the internet paul learns that mr . leonard has a learning disability just like he does . this helps paul to know that he isn t the only one who feels embarrassed about not being able to read . paul also realized that mr . leonard helped him become so good at something . in return paul wants to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the information connects paul with mr . leonard and shows how they are similar like the feelings of embarrassment . it also makes him realize that he helped him excel at something out of his own time which makes paul want to help him read .
the effect that the background information has on paul is that he was so amazed that mr . leonard won the meter hurdles and didn t tell him about it . the effect really sinks into to paul that mr . leonard was just like him . paul states this man had given his time to help me excel at something . this means that he is grateful that someone like him would do something like that to help paul achieve something great and right then paul realized that he then needed to return the favor to mr . leonard . by helping him train again .
paul finds out that mr . leonard used to be a track star . once he finds this out he wonders why mr . leonard did not tell him about his past . he asks mr . leonard what happened after the race and found out that he flunked out of college because he could not read . paul knows what it is like not being able to read so he is willing to help mr . leonard as mr . leonard has helped him .
paul is amazed at mr . leonard when he finds out of his accomplishments as a runner . paul also finds out about mr . leonard weakness as a reader and wants to help him strengthen that weakness as mr . leonard helped paul in his weakness for track .
paul is happy an shocked at the same time . he didnt know that mr . leonard was a track star . mr . leonard trained paul so now paul wants to train mr . leonard to read .
when the track catch gives paul the url and tells him too look up mr . leonard he was shocked to find out that he broke a lot of records and was really good . when mr . leonard told paul the reason why he can t do it anymore is because he didn t know how to read and flunked out of college it reminded paul of himself because he didn t know how to read and goes to a tutor . hey my friend where do you think your going learning center why because i don t know how to read .
the background information causes paul to feel closer to mr . leonard . for example the two talk in a serious tone about what happened to mr . leonard . also paul now has something else in common with mr . leonard a difficulty reading . the background information also allows paul to return mr . leonard s favor of teaching him to run track . paul can now teach mr . leonard how to read and do well in school .
the effect that paul received from getting information about mr . leonard is that paul had felt the same exact way . paul knew what he was talking about . since mr . leonard had helped him greatly with the hurdles he felt as if he should help him how to read . so paul took him down to the learning center so mr . leonard could know how to read .
paul was surprised that mr . leonard was a great hurdler runner and became inspired after mr . leonard told him he had to lose his scholarship and flunk out because he couldn t read . paul could relate to him by remembering his feelings of embarrassment when he was called on to read and didn t know an answer everyone else knew .
the narrator was beginning to realize that he was good at track . when he realized that mr . leonard had great success in the meter hurdles but couldn t read paul realized that mr . leonard had the same experience he was having . paul then wanted to help mr . leonard with reading in the same way mr . leonard helped him with track .
the background information effects paul because now he knows why mr . leonard wants to help him be successful . because mr . leonard had been a great runner but couldn t read he wanted paul to possess the skills he had in running but he also wanted paul to become a better student and have better opportunities than he did himself . since paul knows that now he believes you should pay mr . leonard back and help him with what he wasn t good at which is reading .
i think that the back ground information that paul receives about mr . leonard makes paul happy . he now feels like he fits in with mr . leonard since they share the same problem . for example after mr . leonard tells paul his story about how he flunked out of college at the end of the story paul decides to help mr . leonard learn how to read . paul is happy because he fits in with mr . leonard and because he can help mr . leonard just like mr . leonard helped him learn how to run hurdles .
he learns that mr . leonard is the same as him . i was a good athlete but not a good student . and paul is the same way . he can not read and struggles with his homework . paul is going to help mr . leonard .
the background information makes paul feel more comfortable with mr . leonard . he now knows him and mr . leonard are more alike than what he thought . in the beginning of the story paul thought leonard was just some hall monitor that was crazy about checking passes . by the end of the story he realized they have a lot in common as in they both have trouble in school reading and they are both good at hurdles . i think leonard became an inspiration for paul to try to succeed and do better than what leonard did .
paul is overwhelmed with the information he finds out about mr . leonard . no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read says mr . leonard . paul realizes that mr . leonard went through the same stuff that paul is going through . paul and mr . leonard are the same and paul is surprised .
after realizing mr . leonard s story paul appreciates and respects him more for what he did for him . he sees mr . leonard as someone who is caring towards other people and he wants to be like him . when he tells mr . leonard that it was time for his training he was going to try and teach him how to read better . it effected him in that it made his heart open to making other people confident and happy .
paul knows how he feels and how embarrassing that it was when you couldn t read or understand stuff . now that paul knows mr . leonard s history paul decides to help him by teaching him how to read .
the effect the background information has on paul made him astounded that mr . leonard was a great track star and had the same experiences as he has . paul was happy that he made a new friend in mr . leonard .
paul was astonished of mr . leonard s accomplishments saying that he was a college freshmen running the meter hurdles and winning at nationals . mr . leonard tells paul that he could not read when he was in school which is ironic because paul couldnt either the difference was the paul had a tutor and back then mr . leonard had no tutors when he was in school so he had to drop out .
the background information on mr . leonard gives him and paul a bond . they can relate to each other because they both have trouble reading . the background information makes when mr . leonard said no other school wanted a runner who couldn t read . paul feels like he is not alone and this makes him motivated to help mr . leonard feel good about himself the way he did for him .
paul is shocked by the news he gets more interested in mr . leonard . he shows mr . leonard the picture he printed out and talks to him like he is shocked . paul was surprised by the fact mr . leonard cant read and that he was in college . paul feels the need to help mr . leonard just like mr . leonard helped him .
it helps him realize that not only was his trainer a track star but that because he couldn t read he ended up flunking out of college . it also motivates him to help mr . leonard .
when paul finds the background information on mr . leonard he seems to be shocked to find out how well mr . leonard was in his college past . leonard had won the meter hurdles at the nationals and broke records . at the moment when mr . leonard tells paul about his own struggles in school that s when he realized how he could help mr . leonard back for all the help he gave to him .
the background information that paul got on mr . leonard related to himself . paul wasn t very good at sports and was not at all an athlete and he couldn t read so he had to go to tutoring for help . mr . leonard was a very good athlete but couldn t read and never got any help so he flunked out of college and lost his scholarship . this showed paul that he really needed to keep his head in school and do the best he could possibly do .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a college track star who broke records in the hurdles but failed out of college because he couldn t read paul feels sympathetic towards mr . leonard . the sympathy that paul feels for mr . leonard is from self experience with lack of reading skills . at the end of the story paul foreshadows that he will help mr . leonard with his training or academics .
paul was shocked that mr . leonard was a track star when he went to high school . when mr . leonard told paul about him flunking out of college because he can not read i think paul realized that school was important and that he wanted to help mr . lenard how to read .
it reminds him of himself on how he also has problems reading . and that he is trying to do better by going to a learning center .
the background information paul gets about mr . leonard helps paul to believe in his self . paul and mr . leonard are just alike neither of them can read very good . mr . leonard tries to help paul become a better student and succeeds . in returning the favor paul then starts training mr . leonard so he ll be able to read .
i think paul was shocked that a hall monitor was a college freshman who had won the meter hurdles at the nationals . and that the hall monitor grabowski couldn t read that good himself so they had something in common .
paul empathized with mr . leonard because he knew how it felt to be the slow kid in class and it inspired him to help mr . leonard learn to read .
paul was both surprised and upset about the background information . he was surprised because he thought mr . leonard was just an average coach but he found out through the background information that he was wrong . he was upset because he thought mr . leonard trusted him enough to tell him about his past .
when paul finds our mr . leonard past he was shocked . paul was shocked because of what mr . leonard has been doing for him how he has been helping him through the obstacles in his life . how he is trying to get paul to over come them . he knows what paul is going through and he knows that nothing not even the small obstacles can stop a person who can t read .
paul is not exactly an average boy he doesn t really fit in and he cannot read . mr . leonard starts helping him in track once paul got a spot on the track team it was revealed to him who mr . leonard really was . mr . leonard grabowski a track star . he broke records and even got a scholarship to college but it was all taken away from him because he could read . paul could sympathize with this feeling . the embarrassment when he didn t know the answer . he was grateful for everything so he decided to return the favor . paul was going to teach mr . leonard to read .
paul didn t know how to speak to mr . leonard because he was an track star and then dropped out of college . paul also wanted to help mr . leonard because he helped paul with all of his ability that he has now and paul is more outgoing . paul got asked by the high school track coach to come and be on his team . that s how paul got the information on mr . leonard and wants to try and help him to be out of his comfort zone . paul was effected by it because he didn t know that mr . leonard was an great track star and he just wanted to help him like he did paul .
when mr . leonard told paul about his background history paul could relate . they both had learning problems . paul decided to help mr . leonard learn to read since mr . leonard helped him train for track .
the background information makes paul feel as though mr . leonard understands his problems . he says that he knew mr . leonard s feelings well because he had often felt them . it also makes him feel as though he can give back to him . paul decides to teach mr . leonard how to read as a way to repay him for his efforts .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a track star in college that ran hurdles and broke records he was sounded . paul confronted mr . leonard with the printout of web page and said what happened mr . leonard response was i was a good athlete but not a good student . i relied on friends to help me but it was too hard . so now paul try harder in school and on the track .
whenever paul looked up all the achievements that mr . leonard made he must have been humbled to be in the presents of what was a star athlete . in paragraph paul seems excited and impressed with all of leonard s success .
mr . leonardo s background information relates to paul . paul knows what it is like to feel embarrassed when he does not know an answer everyone else knows or when he is called upon to read aloud . paul feels that he is similar to mr . leonardo and has a desire to help mr . leonardo .
mr . leonard s background information has a similar effect on paul because he is going through the same thing mr . leonard is going through . paul goes to the learning center twice a week to learn how to read . mr . leonard was a good athlete when he was in high school but not a good student . mr . leonard didn t have a learning center back then that would help him with his grades . so paul understood how mr . leonard felt he felt embarrassed . i think paul also felt that he wasn t the only one going through learning diabetes .
when paul discovers that mr . leonard was a track star and that he could not read . i think that he was determined to do better .
the background information about mr . leonard sunrises paul . this is because what he found was this mr leonard used to be a college freshman that broke records on the hurdles . he went to nationals and won the meter hurdles . paul wasn t aware of this and asked why . mr . leonard didn t tell paul because he couldn t read and flunked out of college . after that nobody wanted a runner that could not read . therefore mr . leonard could not finish his running career . this would encourage paul to try hard to learn to read . it will show him to never give up and always try your best in life .
the reader gets background information on mr . leonard and the effect it has on paul is that he believes he can do it because mr . leonard could not read just like him . paul believes that he can do it because he knows that mr . leonard did it in college . even though mr . leonard flunked out in college doesn t make a difference to paul because paul believes in himself and believes that he can do this no matter what . mr . leonard has taught paul a lot and paul is not going to give up on running track . mr . leonard could not read when he was in school just like paul but paul realizes how good of a track runner mr . leonard was and he is pushing himself to be just as good as mr . leonard was .
when paul learns of mr . leonard s background he instantly begins to look up to him . in paragraph paul lists his achievements as a track star . later in the story in paragraph mr . leonard tells him about how he flunked out of college because he couldn t read very well . this was something that paul could relate to . he knew how embarrassing it could be and he wanted to repay him for all the help he had given paul with the hurdles .
paul is surprised that mr . leonard never told him about how great of a hurdler he was when he was younger . paul sees that mr . leonard went on to college to hurdle and thinks that it was incredible . but then mr . leonard tells paul that he wasnt a very good reader and flunked out of college because there was no learning center from him to go to for help . paul understands how he feels and decides to help mr . leonard to read better since he helped him so much .
he was surprised that mr . leonard was a champion at hurdling in collage . but at the same time he was also curious because he didn t know that mr . leonard was a drop out . paul asked why didn t you tell me about this mr . leonard said i looked good back then didn t i then they started talking about the race mr . leonard had won when he was a freshman in collage . then mr . leonard told paul about his school life and that he couldn t read either . and that after he was a drop out no other collage wanted him .
paul felt the same way because he couldnt read either . so he decided he could help mr . leonard out by training him .
the background information made paul realize how mr . leonard feels . paul says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . this is stating that paul knows how mr . leonard feels and wants to help him just like mr . leonard helped paul . the background information effected paul by causing him to realize that others feel the same way as him .
the background information that paul got about mr . leonard effected him because he wanted to help him learn to read just like the learning center is helping paul learn to read . paul wanted to help out mr . leonard because he was like him he could not read but was a good athlete and paul didn t want to end up like him and he grew close to mr . leonard so he wanted to help him .
the information both shocks him and connects paul with mr . leonard . they are similar since both of them arent good readers and are good at track . paul feels like he can finally emphasize with someone for a change and because of this paul grows to like mr . leonard even more .
paul realizes that mr . leonard is very talented but now is a hall monitor . paul is grateful that mr . leonard helped him train but feels guilty he is getting all the attention . paul wants to help him learn and get better too so at the end paul tells him that it s time for you to start training . paul is now going to teach mr . leonard to read in return for him to teach paul to hurdle .
the information that paul receives about mr . leonard is about his past career as a college track star . this information shocks paul and makes him curious as to why mr . leonard didnt say anything to him about his achievements . it also makes paul look up to mr . leonard .
when paul finds out mr . leonard history with running he was curious why he stopped . so he asked him about it . when mr . leonard tells him about not being able to read and that he flunked out of high school paul knew how he felt . now paul wants to keep running and help mr . leonard learn to read .
when paul finds out about the background information on mr . leonard he is shocked . paul realizes that he and mr . leonard actually have a lot in common . they are both very good at track and neither of them can read . paul then starts tutoring mr . leonard in reading while mr . leonard coaches paul in track .
paul is surprised that mr . leonard didn t tell him about being so good at track that is after all something a person should be proud of . paul says why didn t you tell me about this
paul looks at mr . leonard with a different perspective when he learns about his past . paul can relate to mr . leonard when he discovers that mr . leonard can t read and that he flunked out of college because of that . paul then realizes that he can train mr . leonard in reading just as he had been training paul in track and field .
paul realizes that mr . leonard was a great athlete who couldn t make the grades to perform in college and relates that to his personal situation . in the story paul showed mr . leonard a picture of him running in college and tells mr . leonard that he knows he won the meter hurdles at nationals .
the background information had a major effect on paul . paul now understood more things about his coach . such as why out of all people he choose paul to work with . the reason comes from the article where paul first meets mr . leonard when he is in the hall going to the learning center and this is when mr . leonard compared himself to paul and saw something in him beginning their relationship . also getting the background information gave paul someway to repay mr . leonard for what he has done and that is why he said what he said in the last paragraph c mon mr . leonard . it s time to start your training . meaning that paul was going to teach him a little bit .
when paul learns that mr . leonard was a former track star he wondered why mr . leonard had not told him earlier . when paul also learns that mr . leonard could not ready just like him he felt like they had a lot more in common with each other . the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . this shows that paul is very appreciative that mr . leonard is showing interest in him and it motivates him to do well in school so that he can succeed in college .
i think the information he got about mr . leonard made paul realize that he can be normal and still be successful with his reading problem . mr . leonard doesn t know how to read and is helping paul with hurdles . while paul is gonna help mr . leonard read . they are helping each other with the things that are holding them back .
paul can relate to mr . leonard in many ways . mr . leonard sees a lot of himself in paul and that reminds him of how he used to be . mr . leonard is looking out for paul because he doesn t want the same thing to happen to paul that he went through . he believes that paul can do something great . for example after mr . leonard asked paul where he was going and why that s when he got the idea of asking him to play sports . then he realized basketball wasn t what he liked so he gave him a chance on the hurdles and paul succeeded .
in the story i obtained information about mr . leonard . telling us that he can t read such as paul can t read . by that occurring to him that hurt mr . leonard s life because he flunked out of college and it ruined his life . mr . leonard is helping paul so that history won t repeat itself and so paul won t end up like him .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard background he sees himself because they are similar in the way that they both are runners and they both can t read . since paul learns about mr . leonard background he is motivated to do better than mr . leonard and graduate from college .
when paul finds that mr . leonard was a track star in college he is amazed that he was helping him out and wanted to know why he had not said anything before this . he wanted to know why he did not succeed in a professional level or do anything after college . when he finds out that he had a hard time reading paul decides to return the favor mr . leonard had done for him and help him with his reading skills .
when the reader finds out about the background information about mr . leonard he was shocked . when the reader first talks to mr . leonard he says . . . you broke records . paragraph showing his felling and shock to find out that the person who was coaching him was a record breaker .
the background information that paul receives connects with him . mr . leonard was fantastic at hurdles in college and was going to go very far in that world . he was shut out because he couldn t read . paul is learning that he is the same way and he is starting to become a great hurdler and is getting better in reading . he realizes that after all that mr . leonard trained him to do he should help him in return .
paul sees that mr . leonard did him a kindness in teaching him how to run and jump especially as paul is someone who is chosen last in gym and mr . leonard was one of the best college track stars . paul wants to repay mr . leonard s kindness by helping teach him as paul learns . paul and mr . leonard have a learning disability in common which helped give paul the motivation to help someone like him out .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard was such a great athlete . but he is honored to be coached by him . it made him confident that mr . leonard could make him great .
in the story gifts paul finds out information about mr . leonard that he never told him . he found out that he was a former track star who broke records in college as a freshman . and this reminded paul of himself and pushed him to work harder for him .
the effect of the background information on paul is that he learned that mr . leonard also had a reading problem so they were able to relate .
paul is shocked that mr . leonard didn t tell him that he broke all the records he did and that he won the meter hurdles at nationals when he was only a freshman . paul also realizes that mr . leonard had been trying to help him because he too was good at something but couldn t do it because he didn t get good enough grades because he couldn t read .
paul felt more of a connection after he had found out about mr . leonard s struggles . in paragraph paul says the emotions in mr . leonard s words were all too familiar to me . i knew them well . . . i believe that sentence shows how paul felt a mutual connection with mr . leonard after he had found out his background information . not only do the both participate in hurdles they also have a common challenge that they have learned to overcome .
the effect that background information paul has about mr . leonard is astonishes paul greatly . paul on y knew mr . leonard as the hall monitor at his school . but mr . leonard was more then just a hall monitor . he was a very gifted athlete . he was one of the best back in his days and broke many of records and won the meter hurdles at the nationals as a freshman . mr . leonard taught paul to that he can over come obstacles and never give and stride for what he wants .
it shows paul that being good at a sport isnt everything . mr . leonard broke records but because he didnt have help with reading he failed his classes and flunked out . it made paul think that he has someone who understands his troubles with reading .
mr . leonard s hidden past affects paul by making him curious . paul wanted to know why mr . leonard would want to keep such accomplishments a secret . then when he figures out mr . leonard can t read he empathized with him and decides to start his training . although because at the end he is walking back toward the school it suggests that paul is going to teach mr . leonard how to read .
the background of mr . leonard related to the narrator pull because mr . leonard didnt know how to read when he was in college just like paul . paul had the same problem he couldnt read also . so while mr . leonard was teaching paul to become a good athlete at the end of the story paul was now going to teach mr . leonard how to read because paul had already been a remediation class .
the background info that paul got was inspiring and it motivated him to help mr . leonard with what he was having problems with . because paul knew how mr . leonard felt when he told him about his past .
the background story of mr . leonard effect on paul is when mr . leonard starts talking about his athlete days about how he lost his scholarship and flunked out and how he could not read and that other schools didnt want a runner that could not read . that what made paul realized he was going though the same thing mr . leonard went though and that the bond that made paul have confidence and wants to start training .
the narrator is amazed and also moved by mr . leonard s story . paul takes mr . leonard to teach him to read at the very end of the story . paul feels like he needs to help mr . leonard after what he did for paul .
when the reader gets the background information about mr . leonard paul was surprised . ex . you were a college freshman who won the meter hurdles at the nationals . you broke records .
the background information that paul found out about mr . leonard helped him understand why he wanted to help paul so much . then paul wanted to help mr . leonard we know this because in the last paragraph paul says it s time to start you training . to mr . leonard .
the background information that paul get on mr . leonard motivates him to work harder for learning how to read and to give him something to work for . when mr . leonard spoke of the loss of his scholarship and flunking out of school it made paul want to help mr . leonard the same way that mr . leonard had helped him . at the end of paragraph it reads suddenly i realized what i could do for him . which shows that paul wanted to help mr . leonard learn to read .
when paul hears of the information about the hall monitor mr . leonard e is shocked . he couldn t believe that the an in front of him was a track star . paul also finds out that mr . leonard flunked out of college simply because he couldn t read . from that point on paul helps mr . leonard with his reading .
mr . leonard was a good hurdle player but he couldn t read . so he was very hard get a job . paul was shocked about that . and he think he must learn hard .
the background information that paul receives about mr . leonard is helpful to him because it makes him feel comfortable with mr . leonard . paul feels out of place and sad that he is a poor reader but since he shares the same characteristic with mr . leonard he feels comfortable with him . at the part of the story when mr . leonard states we had no learning centers in our school . it makes paul feel like he can accomplish what mr . leonard never had the opportunity to . also he feels that he can compensate for mr . leonard s training by teaching him to read .
paul finding out that mr . leonard could not read has a very strong affect . paul can sympathize with mr . leonard . also paul finding out that mr . leonard was a great track star has a big effect . paul understands that feeling of embarrassment . lastly the effect that they are both helping each other . mr . leonard taught paul how to excel in tack and paul will teach him how to read better .
the effect the background information gave paul was that if you try hard then you can become a track star . it also surprised him that mr . leonard had never told him about his records . paul also realized that mr leonard and him shared the same feelings of embarrassment when it came to school .
it helps him to better understand mr . leonard . they have a common problem with reading .
learning mr . leonard s background information paul becomes more interested in his life . when mr . leonard told paul about his difficulties in reading paul felt like someone finally knew how he felt and everything that he was saying was familiar to him . since mr . leonard had helped paul succeed in track and field paul decided that he would work with mr . leonard and they would succeed in reading together .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was a great track star . paul must feel proud of being coached by one of the best track stars . paul could also relay to mr . leonard because he knows how it felt not to be able to read out loud or he didn t know answers that everyone else knew .
paul was surprised to find out that mr . leonard can t read . he finds out they both has the same weaknesses . paul realizes that if mr . leonard can be a great hurdler than he can .
the effect that paul gets when he gets the background information on mr . leonard was shock and disbelief . after confronting mr . leonard about the information paul says why didn t you tell me about this . the information showed that mt . leonard was a college freshman who won the meter dash and broke records . but failed out for not being able to read .
it shows paul how important a good education is to someone because it ruined mr . leonard s career as a runner because he flunked out of college even though he was one of the best runners as a freshman .
mr . leonard background information greatly influences paul . in the story paul is faced by the obstacles of a being a slow reader . when paul meets mr . leonard and starts to train with him paul quickly discovers that mr . leonard has broke records in college track . paul is inspired by the fact that mr . leonard a great athlete is training him . what inspires paul even more is the fact that mr . leonard also was a had a hard time with his reading . by hearing about someone who has the same problems as him paul is inspired to work even harder at both his reading and his track .
after paul hears mr . leonard s background story paul responds by asking for mr . leonard to follow him back to the school . paul feels the same way as mr . leonard does about not being a good reader . so as a result of mr . leonard helping him with his confidence paul decides to return the favor and help mr . leonard learn how to read .
paul is a poor reader and he finds out that so is mr . leonard . mr . leonard flunked out of college and lost his track scholarship because he could not keep up with his grades . this made paul feel better about himself because he isn t the only on with the problem . it also shows that if you don t give up you can still succeed even with a few hurdles in the way . he knows now how important it is to keep trying and that some obstacles in your life can be difficult to jump over .
paul i surprised at the information he didnt know that he had been training with a track star . and he was disappointed the mr . leonard hadnt told him about this before .
he became more interested in mr . leonard s past in college . after paul s findings that leonard broke records as a freshman in college he wanted to be just like him as successful as him as well so he continued to do the hurdles . he also felt more of a connection with leonard when he found out he too had problems reading and had problems with words .
paul finds out that mr . leonard was also a track star and he is in amaze . the track coach and paul had realized he was getting coached by someone great . but paul also realized that him and mr . leonard had a lot in common and it inspired him .
paul knows how it feels to be rejected and embarrassed . and he wants to help mr . leonard with his reading .
paul learns that mr . leonard flunked out of college . he realizes that he needs to work hard in school . his talent will not get him far in college . he also realizes that mr . leonard was helping him by getting him involved in other things .
it has a pretty big effect on paul because he has the same problem . so when mr . leonard helps paul out with track it makes it where paul can try to help mr . leonard out with reading .
paul was amazed that mr . leonard s background information was that he broke college records his freshman year . in the story states that paul took his free time to print out a paper about mr . leonard . he then ask mr . leonard why didn t you tell me about this
paul finds out like him mr . leonard cannot read but can run track . paul remembers what mr . leonard had done for him by making him happy with doing track and decides to teach him how to read because he understands the embarrassment of not knowing how . the story states this man had given his time to help me excel at something . suddenly i realized what i could do for him . this shows that paul wanted to thank him in some way and that way was teaching him to read .
it surprised him at first but then later on he realized that mr . leonard went through the same thing he is going through now . he felt sympathetic for mr . leonard because he couldn t read like him .
the background information that paul receives about mr . leonard changes his views . paul finds out that mr leonard has a reading disability . paul is inspired by the information about mr . leonard because he to has a reading disability . paul says the emotions on his face were all to familiar to me . the reason that the emotions are familiar to paul is because paul feels those exact emotions almost every day .
paul finds out that mr . leonard cannot read either and now paul does not feel as bad for not being able to read . he also finds out that mr . leonard in college was a track star and that motivated him to do better .
paul is amazed that the hall monitor at his school used to be a track star . when paul finds out his curiosity is sparked because paul wonders why mr . leonard did not ever tell paul about his athletic past . paul questions mr . leonard about college and discovers that mr . leonard had the same reading problems paul has . this inspires paul to help mr . leonard learn to read .
the effect it had on paul was that the coach could not read either and he flunked out of college and he could not run track . so he did not want the same thing to happen to him because paul has a reading problem so he s got tutor .
paul realizes that mr . leonard broke high school records in field and track . paul also figured out that mr . leonard couldn t read . since mr . leonard had helped paul out with track paul figured he could help mr . leonard learn how to read .
when paul finds out about mr . leonard i m sure that he is encouraged to do well simply because now he knows he s being coached by a talented star in his day it s motivation . then when he finds out that he can t read as well i feel it motivates him even more because mr . leonard was a great track star that plucked college due to the lack of available help . paul not just has the training of mr . leonard and the track team to help him with track but he also has the help of the leaning center to help him read and he can be successful if he keeps at it .
paul feels that mr . leonard should not have hidden that he couldnt read either . paul could have helped mr . leonard become better at reading during the same time paul was training for huddling . the background information helped paul understand where mr . leonard is coming from paul feels that they both come from the same problems . he might have felt that the two of them can over come the problem together .
i believe that it had a motivational effect on him . i say that because he did not want paul going through life feeling discouraged like mr . leonard did . he knew what it feels like to not be able to read and that embarrassing . another reason why i believe this had a motivational effect on him was because he wanted paul to have confident in himself and over the obstacle of not being able to read .
paul finds out the mr . leonard was a track star in his running days . mr . leonard tells him i was a good athlete but not a good enough student . we had no learning centers in our school . this influenced paul to work harder at both track and reading . he also wanted to assist mr . leonard in reading .
the background information given allows paul to connect to mr . leonard . both paul and mr . leonard had reading disabilities . in paragraph paul tells mr . leonard that he can t read and that is why he is going to the learning center . later on in the story paul finds out that mr . leonard was a track star in hurdles as well . paul asks why mr . leonard didn t tell him when he was coaching paul . mr . leonard then tells paul in paragraph lines that he flunked out of college because he couldn t read . this connects paul and mr . leonard . paul then decides to help mr . leonard with his reading .
the background information we learn about mr . leonard is a huge twist on the story . by learning that mr . leonard was a poor reader we know that he and paul have the same problem . paul who we know can t read turns out to be a great athlete but can t read . mr . leonard who was a tremendous college athlete was a poor reader as well . mr . leonard wants to help evolve paul into coming a better student athlete . he can t rely on his athletic skills alone to get into college .
when mr . leonard told paul about his background that he flunked out of college paul was very understanding . paul was undergoing the exact same thing that mr . leonard was paul couldn t read . paul knew how it must have felt for mr . leonard to explain his past to paul . for example in paragraph the narrator paul says i knew them well feelings of embarrassment when i was called upon to read aloud or when i didn t know an answer everyone else knew . in that quote paul explains that he went through the same thing and feelings that mr . leonard was going through when he told paul that he flunked out of college . paul understood clearly what mr . leonard felt .
the background information has a positive effect on paul because it reminds him of himself . mr . leonard couldn t read and neither can paul . they both are embarrassed about the things that has happened to them . the background information brings paul closer to mr . leonard and gives not only mr . leonard to help paul but paul a chance to help mr . leonard .
he understands the mr . leonard and paul weren t so different because they both had trouble reading and didnt think they needed help .
when paul learns mr . leonard s background information he feels connected to him . paul now realized that mr . leonard was just like him in the fact that they both have trouble reading . paul sees mr . leonard as a motive to get better at reading and to pursue hurdling in track and field . paul also sees this as a way to help mr . leonard just like he had helped him .
that background information about mr . leonard shocks paul . paul then wants to know how mr . leonard went from being a track star to a hall monitor by pressing on well what happened after that this background information then turned out to be a lesson for paul about receiving a good education and not giving up . mr . leonard never had help with reading and he failed college .
he wants to help mr . leonard because mr . leonard helped him through the obstacle that he was facing in his life at that time .
in gifts the effect the background has on paul is that when he hears mr . leonard say he couldn t read paul says that he will teach him . paul does not feel sorry for him just simply wants to help him as his friend had helped paul .
towards the end of the story paul learns more about mr . leonard and his past . paul learns that mr . leonard couldn t read just like him . paul quotes the emotions in mr . leonard words were all too familiar to me . paul could easily relate to mr . leonard .
