concluding from the students data that plastic type b was the stretchiest while type a is the least stretchy . two ways that the students could have improved their experiment is to have described how much height to use . another way that they could have gotten more valid results is clarify how much plastic to use hanging of the table .
a . one conclusion i can draw is that plastic b stretched the most than there was plastic d the next plastic c and finally plastic a . b . they could have used more trials . two trials is not enough to have a valid experiment . next they could have said how long each plastic had to be . if there is more or less on one plastic then there could be more polymers making the experiment invalid .
a a conclusion about this data is that plastic type a b stretched longer the second trial and that type c stretched longer the first and d stayed the same . you can also conclude that plastic b has greatest stretchability . b two ways the students could have improved the experimental are sign is that they could have done more trials to increase validity . they also could have used the same length of different plastics each time .
a . plastic type b is proven to be the most stretchable material because it has stretched to the greatest length which was mm and mm . b . ways to improve the experiment is there should be trials and the size of each material before being stretched should be held constant .
based on the student s data plastic b stretched more . b the students could have improved the experiment by resting the plastics at the same length also by doing more than just two trials using sam . putting same amount of weight in the type of plastic bag .
a the students concluded that plastic b was the most flexible stretching up to mm on the second trial and mm on the first . b the student could have improved this design and validity of his lab in two ways . first he could have done the experiment a third time to further confirm results . second the student could have been more descriptive in his procedure explain how to add weight to the clamp and how much weight to actually add .
a conclusion that can be drawn from the students data is that plastic b has the most stretchability . two ways this student could have imposed the experimental design and or validity of the results is . the students could have said what the initial length of the plastic was and keep all the others plastics at the same length because if one plastic was longer than the other the experiment would be valid . and they also say how much the weights that were being used weighed because one could be heavier than the other .
as shown in the data table i can conclude that plastic type b was able to stretch the most in the minutes . the table also shows that plastic type a stretched the least concluding it was very strong or had less polymers . two ways the students can improve their experimental design would be to make sure that all the plastic samples were the same length . another way the students can improve the experiment would be to include the weights so an independent variable can be clearly stated seen .
a plastic type b is made of the stretchiest material . b it does not say how many or how heavy the weights added are causing the results to be inaccurate . also the length is not the same for any trials or type of plastic .
a the plastic type b has the greatest stretchability out of the other types . p b the student should be clear about the length of each plastic to ensure that only independent variable is the type of plastic . also the student must determine the weight of the weights clamped on the plastic to keep one independent variable plastic type . it is important to keep your constants constant .
a based on the data i can conclude that plastic b had the most stretchability it stretched and mm . c and mm and d mm were in between . p b . one way the student could have improved their experiment design is to clarify everything . what plastic how long are they etc . they could improve their validity by doing three trials instead of two .
plastic type b is the most stretchable plastic out of the reaching mm . to improve this experiment the person doing the lab needs to know the weight of the weights along with the clamp that is serving as another weight .
in conclusion the polymer with the most stretchability is polymer b in t and t polymer b had the highest number of mm out of the other polymers . there for it stretched the greatest amount . in the future i think it would be helpful for the students to record how much weight they used to test each polymer . i also think it would be beneficial to test more trials to be confident in the results .
a . based on the student s result it can be concluded that plastic b is the most stretchable because it stretched an average of . mm in minutes . plastic a is the least stretchable because it stretched only mm in minutes on average . p b . . the student should have specified the amount of weight added to the clamp and possibly performed more trials at different weights . . the student should have performed a third trial to obtain more consistent and dependable results .
the conclusion of this lab according to the students data type b of the plastic is the weakest and type a of the plastic is the strongest . for the plastic c and d they are in between and c is close to a . the student could have improved the experiment by saying the measurement of the plastic and how much mass the was on earth peace of plastic . another way to improve the experiment is making sure the temperature is kept constant and that no one touches the plastic .
the experiment was very precise and contained multiple trials that proved to be similar to the previous one . plastic type b appears to have stretched the farthest but it is impossible to tell seeing there are no starting lengths . the plastics as well as the weights should have been the exact same size .
a plastic type polymer b had the best stretchability out of the other polymer plastics . the data shows that in b s both trials it stretched and mm farthest than any other plastic . p b two ways to improve the design are by doing more trials to be more accurate and by stating the amount of weight put on each bag the same amount of weight .
a . based on the data on the table i can conclude that plastic b was the stretchiest followed by plastic d c then a . his results also seem precise because he did two trials and they were totally close to each other every time . p b . in the procedure the student should have made each plastic sample the same size keeping it a constant variable . they also should explained how much weight to put on the clamps as it was omitted in the procedure .
a plastic type b is the stretchiest plastic . in t it stretched mm and in t it stretched mm . the least stretched plastic was type a . in t a stretched mm and in t it stretched mm . type d was second stretchiest and type c was behind d . p b two ways the student could have improved the experimental design validity of the experiment is having a specific size of the original piece of plastic to stretch and having a specific weight of the weight stretching the plastic . constant keep the results of experiment valid .
plastic type b was the most stretchable polymer . the student could have conducted more trails and tell us how much the weights weigh .
a plastic b has the most stretchability . if you take the average of the two trials plastic b . mm is higher then plastic a mm plastic c . mm and plastic d mm . p b one way the students could have improved the experiment is by giving a specific amount of weight to add to each clamp . another improvement would be to do third trial because this could increase the validity .
a plastic type b stretched the most and plastic type a stretched the least . p b two ways the student could have improved the experimental design are to specify the starting length of the plastic samples and to specify the amount of weight added to each clamp .
a my conclusion is that plastic b was the most stretchable plastic . it stretched out between mm in the two trials . p b the student could have stated how many weights he she added . he she also could have recorded the original lengths of each of the plastics he she was measuring .
a i conclude that plastic type b has the highest amount of stretchability . plastic b is able to stretch from to mm . i can also conclude plastic a has the lowest stretchability at to mm . p b one way to make the investigation more valid is by having the length of each type of plastic be the same . also the students need to make sure the plastic was taped the same way with the same tape . the students also need to use the same table for all four plastics .
based on the students data plastic type b stretched the most . however the student could have improved the experimental design and validity of these results . first off their should be a required standard length for each type of plastic the directions could be like . step cut a mm strip of each plastic . also this experiment should specify the amount of weight placed on the clamp and this exact amount should be repeated throughout the rest of the experiment .
based on the students data i can conclude that plastic b stretches the most out of all the plastics . p b . two ways the students could have improved this experiment is by being specific about the length of each piece of plastic . another way they could have improved the experiment is by repeating the experiment .
a based on the data shown in the experiment plastic b had the most stretchability and plastic a had the least stretchability . p b they could have improved their experiment by . starting out with the amount of weight for each plastic and . they could have performed one more trial to make sure their results were correct .
a i think that the plastic type a was the strongest because it stretched down the least . plastic type b was least strongest because it went down the most . p b the student could included more trials to add validity . the student could have also included how much weight was being added to the plastic .
based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type a is the most durable . p two ways the student could have improved this experiment would be to clarify how much weight was added to each plastic and to measure the plastic before he she stretched it .
a conclusion made from the students data is that different plastics length are affected by weight in their own ways staying the same growing or shortening . the students could have been more specific by writing down how long each plastic has originally before the the trials . they also could have been more detailed about how much weight they were adding to the plastic .
a . based on the students date i can conclude that plastic type b is the most flexible at all the samples . p b . to improve their experimental design the students could have added more trials and also specified how much weight to add .
the measures of every plastic should be the same to start . secondly there should be a precise amount of weights being added . my conclusion is that type b stretched the most . it was easily the longest .
the student can conclude that polymer plastic b is the most stretchability because it has the longest length in both trials . two ways this experiment could have been better is by saying how much weight to add to each plastic polymer and second by repeating the experiment more than twice .
i conclude that plastic type b stretched the most . one way the students could have improved the experiment design and or validity of the results is to make sure all the plastic types start out at the same length . another way is to have a certain amount of weights for all the plastic type trials .
a no conclusion can be drawn from this experiment because the length of the plastic before the weights are added we not listed . therefore you can no see which plastic stretched the farthest . p b two was they can improve the validity of this experiment are . list the length of the plastic before its stretched and . state how much the weight weigh and if they all the same .
a based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type b was the most stretchable . this is because it was stretched more than the other plastic after minutes in both trials for example plastic b stretched mm in the first trial but plastic d the next most stretchable only stretched mm . the students could have improved the experiment adding more trials . this would make their experiment more accurate because they will have more both to use their by . they should have also tell how many weights to add at a time so that they and whoever else does this experiment remains constant .
plastic type b can stretch the most without bearing to . the students could have conducted more trials which could have improved the experimental design and validity . the students also should have specified the weights of each weights and the clamp so if someones were to repeat the experiment they would known how much weight to add .
a based on the data given i can see that plastic a is the strongest polymer and doesn t have much stretchability . p b to validate her results i think the student should have put how long the plastic was originally and how many millimeters long it was after the weights to see the actual data for ourselves . the student could tested the plastic a third time to improve her experiment .
a conclusion that can be drawn is that plastic type b is the most flexible plastic and can stretch the farthest . the student could have improved their experiment by stating how heavy the weights were that were attached to the clamp . right now one can only guess what weight that was . another way the student could have improved their experiment is by stating the original length of all the plastics cutting them all to a certain length would improve the validity of the experiment because it would show plastic b actually stretched the farthest and did not just showed off changes .
from the data given i conclude that plastic b had the most stretch ability and plastic a had the least . two ways this experiments could be improved is by using the same size plastic for each type of plastic and by stating how many he used .
a plastic sample b was the stretchiest because it s greatest length was mm . p b they should have measured the length of the plastic before they stretched it so we can know how much it stretched . they also should have run more than two trials so we can be absolutely sure of their results .
a . based on only the data shown one can conclude that plastic the most stretchability out of all the plastic tested because it stretched the most during the experiment one can also assume that plastic type a has the least stretchability because it stretched the least during the experiment . one way that the experimental design could have been improved is to have controlled the original lengths of all the plastics and make them equal . another way to have improved the experimental design is to have included the exact weight that was being applied to the plastic .
a in conclusion plastic type b has stretched the most probably not the most dependable material . the best plastic type would be a . plastic type a can withstand the most support of weight in the bag so you don t have to worry about it ripping . p b these students should have conducted a third trial . it would have made for finding a better average of stretching on the plastic type . also explain how much weight was stretching these plastic bags .
a from the table results for the experiment you can conclude that type b was the most stretchable out plastic and type a was the strongest at holding together the polymers and cross linking made it strong . p b she could have improved the experiment by allow more trials and making sure the plastic samples were the same size and length .
a when stretched plastic b seemed to be weakest and stretch the most as where plastic a seemed strongest . p one way is to have equal size plastics to start with . another way is to say exactly how much weight needed to be added to each
the conclusion that can be drawn from the data done in that plastic type b . stretched the most which was mm in t and mm in t . one way the student could ve improved the experiment is to add another trial . also by using the same weight to weights .
a based on the student s data plastic b is the most stretchable polymer plastic and plastic a is the least stretchable . p b one way the students could improve their experiment is to perform more than just two trials to ensure their data is valid . another way they could improve their experimental design is to specify how it tape the plastics so as to make sure their are all taped and pulled the same way .
the plastic that the most stretchability is plastic b probably due to the fact that all of the polymer links are parallel to each other and it stretched an average of mm . ways that this could have been improved is having a rd trial and using the same length for each sheet or plastic .
plastic type b has the most stretchability . one way that this could have improved is if the students did another trial to make sure that their experiment was valid . another thing the students want to do is make sure they have the same size of plastic to start with .
a in this experiment the plastic b stretched the most because it went mm and a went mm and mm and d mm . b . they could have improved there experiment by doing more trials and have the plastics of the same length .
in conclusion plastic type b stretched the most in both trials . p one way the student could have improved the validity is to cut each plastic to the same length . another way to improve the experiment design is to specify how much weight to add to the clamp .
plastic type a stretched the least out of all plastics leading to a conclusion that it has the worst stretchability of all plastics . plastic type b stretched the most for both trail test enough info to conclude that b has the best stretchability . p the students could of improved their experiment by adding in the procedure exactly what was the weight of the weights they used and they could of performed a rd trail test to see if results were continues and never changing .
in this experiment students tested to see
the conclusion that can be drawn based on their data is that that plastic type a was the least stretchable and is the most durable and plastic type b is the most stretchable and the least durable . one way they could ve improved their experiment is to have each plastic type have the same amount of length for each piece because that could affect the stretchability of each plastic . another improvement could be that they could ve specified how much plastic should be hanging from the table so each plastic has same amount of length .
a . in conclusion plastic b was the best because it had the highest amount stretched for both trials in the first it stretched while a c d the second trial that it went up a mm to while a c d . p one way they could improve the validity is more trials your experiment will only get more valid with more trials . the second way is to be more specific with what trials with what kind of tape how much tape your using and were you measuring from weather it s the whole thing or just the part hanging .
the data provided concludes that plastic type b stretched the most . one way the student could improve the validity of this experiment would be to state the weight of the weights that are to be added onto the pieces of plastic . one thing the student also should have done was to have recorded the original lengths of the plastic samples so you could see just how much the pieces of plastic stretched from their original lengths .
based on the students data plastic type b has the highest stretchability at mm stretched while plastic type a would be the worst at only mm stretched . p two ways the students could have improved their data are one they could say how heavy the weights were and maybe allowed them to hang on the clamps for more than minutes . two they could have had more than trials .
a conclusion based on the student s data is plastic type b is the most amount stretched and plastic type a was the least amount stretched . two ways the student could have improved the experimental design is be more informative on the size sample you must take . also the amount of weights you add one .
based on the student s data plastic type b was consistently the stretchiest of all the plastic types used in the experiment . one possible validity issue is the description of the weights added to the clamp in each trial . the procedure does not tell in how much weight must be applied and thus a person may apply uneven amounts of weight depending on the trial and plastic . this would cause the experiment to have the uniformity of its data in the fact that the weight was not constant . also the student could have improved the experimental design by adding more trials to the experiment and in turn gaining more data to make the results more accurate .
according to the data table it looks like the plastic type b was stretched the most and plastic a was stretched the best . b . one way the experiment could have improved is if they said what the measurement of the plastic was before the weights were on it . another thing is they have said how much the weight was that hung on the plastic .
b . the student should use all sample plastics of the same length so the strength and stretchability can be determined . the student should have also done at least one more trial to eliminate possible experimental error . p a . from the experiment plastic type b came to be the most stretchable . plastic type d was also very stretchable and the second stretchiest plastic type c came after b and after c came plastic type a . plastic a was the strongest but plastic b was the stretchiest .
based on the student s data plastic b stretched the most with and mm in their trials respectively . however the student cold ve recorded the starting length and the difference in length as from this data the reader doesn t know if these results are comparative . in the procedure the first step is measuring the length but i don t see that data . another improvement would be more trials .
a the students conclusion is that although plastic d was the most accurate plastic b stretched the most for both trials . p b the procedure does not say the amount what unit of weight was added . the plastics also must all be the same length .
one conclusion that can be based off the student s data is that plastic type b has the most stretchability out of all of the plastics tested . one way this student can improve the experimental design is to add more trials to the experiment . another way is to set the length the plastic should be because having different plastic lengths can cause experimental error .
a based on the students data plastic type b stretched the most . on the first trial plastic type b stretched mm while plastic c only stretched mm . on the second trial plastic b stretched mm and the next closes was plastic type d which stretched mm . p b two ways the students could have improved the experiment is to do more trials and when the students are starting the experiment tell me how long the plastic is before you start to stretch it .
a the conclusion that i could base is that plastic type b in both trials had stretched the longest . p b two ways that the students could have improved the experimental design is by letting us know how many weights put in each cup . also the same length of each piece should be noted as well .
a . polymer plastic b had the most stretchability of mm . mm more than plastic type a mm more than plastic type c mm more than the stretchability of plastic type d . by having more improved trials . they should have made sure all the plastic types had the same measure in length and width . and they could have tested more types of plastics .
a based on the student s data you can conclude that plastic type b is the most stretchable and plastic type a has the least stretchability . p b one way the student could improve is by making sure the plastic strips are all the same length hanging off the table from the same point . another improvement would be to record the original length of each plastic strip . this would provide a constant to compare the results to .
according to the data plastic type b is the stretchiest plastic . it stretched mm in trial one and mm in trial . p one way the students could have improved the validity of the experiment would be to not just add weights to the plastic like in the procedure but put the same amount of weight on the plastic each time . another problem would be if the plastic wasn t taped at the same distance from the edge and if they are using a new set of the same plastic for their second trial .
a . based on the students data plastic type b was the most stretchable of the tested plastic . p b . one improvement would be keeping the starting length them same stating it . second would be the amount of weight attached at each intervals .
plastic type be was the most stretchable . stretching on average of . mm and plastic type a was the least stretchable stretching an average of mm . the students could have improved the experimental design by specifying how much weight they attached to each plastic and then keeping it constant . the way the procedure is written now we don t know if the amount of weight was used constant .
a i conclude that plastic a is the strongest because it stretched the least in both trials . p b two ways the student could have improved the experiment are doing another trial and including the length of the plastic regard adding the weights in the results .
a . plastic b was the one with the most stretchability plastic d came next followed by plastic c then a . p b . the student could have included how much the weights weighed . this would make the experiment valid when reproduced . p also they could have included the initial length of the plastic before it was stretched .
based on the student s data i can conclude that plastic b is more flexible . this is because for each trial it stretched the most . on the other hand plastic a stretched the least because it only stretched mm and mm while b stretched mm and mm . p to improve the validity of the results the student could have done a third or even fourth trial . this additional data will make the results clearer . also the student should state how much the weights weigh so that others can reform his experiment and get similar results . he might have also wanted to include how long the pieces of plastic were originally .
according to the graph plastic type b was the plastic that was stretched when plastic that was stretched when plastic type a did not stretch as much . clearly type a is more durable and sturdy . to improve the experimental design the students should have said what each of the starting weights put on the plastic were and do a third trial to make it as accurate as possible .
a in conclusion to the results it can be said that polymer b is the most stretchy followed by d then c then a . the only problems is that you can t accurately judge it because you can t tell if they are all the same beginning length . a conclusion would only work if they were the same starting length . p b one way to improve the design would be to specify the beginning length of the polymer strips . another would be to indicate the amount of weight attached to each polymer .
it can be recorded that above all others tested in the experiment plastic type b is the most stretchable . this is because at . mm it had the largest amount stretched on average between the two trails or all other plastic types . p two ways this experiment can be improved is to state the amount of weight used french trial with different weights being used results could have different from what they should have been . also because the amount stretched is measured in such small increments millimeters more trials should be performed to enhance the data s accuracy .
a i conclusion all of the plastic stretched but plastic type b stretched the most in bath trials . p . b two ways the students could have improved their experiment design and or validity of the results are . they could have told how much weight to add to the plastics . they could have told the plastic pieces original length . those are two ways the students could have improved their experiment .
a the stretchiest of the four materials was b with the average stretching of . mm s . p b the student could have made sure to cut all the plastic into even strips of the same length and width and second they could have performed another trial for each plastic .
a a conclusion that can be made from this data is that plastic type b has the most stretchability . this is because in both trials it stretched mm and that is more than any other plastic type tested . p b two ways that the student could have improved the experimental design was to make the weights used for every plastic sample constant . also for the plastic samples the student could make sure to have the starting length fall the plastic types be the same and constant . making as many aspects of the experiment constant maker fur more all work results
a i concluded that his club is valid based upon doing multiple trials . i also noticed that the most stretchable was b and the least was a . p b though two trials is good it is best to do a third trial or fourth trial would be best . also i think that they should have measured the length of the plastic before and have it on the the data table to compare the changes the occurred in the plastics .
i have come to the conclusion that plastic type b has the best stretching ability since the data shows it stretched mm and mm . the students could have improved the validity by making sure all the plastics starting length were the same . also the weight added to the plastic should have stayed constant as well throughout all trials .
in conclusion it can be said that plastic . type b had the most amount stretched because its numbers in t and t were the highest . also the plastic type that was more durable and was not stretched is much was plastic type a because its number in t was and t were the lowest to improve this experiment it would be better to include three trials and include the plastics type initial measurements to make the data table more specific and efficient .
a based on the students data plastic type b is the weakest plastic out of them all and the strongest polymer plastic is plastic a because it was stretched the least . p b the students could ve included more description on the plastic like each plastics length or width in order to show that everything was the same in length and width . also the students should include in procedure on how many weights they used .
a conclusion that can be made based on the data is that plastic type a is the strongest . this is true because plastic a stretched the least about on average . two ways that the students could have improved their lab is by saying how long the types of plastic should be and saying how many weights should be added to the clamp and how many weights should be added to the clamp because there could have been an error when the plastics were different lengths with different amounts of weights and this would make the data inaccurate .
a the stretchiest kind of plastic was type b . because it stretched the most . p p b the student could have given the weights and the original length of the plastic in the procedure and made sure they were constant .
plastic type b stretched the most in both trials one and two . plastic type a stretched the least in both of the trials . p the students could have improved the experiment design by conduction more trials and so stating how many weights they added on top of the clamps . the results werent valid .
a in this experiment it can be concluded that plastic b had the most stretchability with mm in trial and mm in trial . also i can conclude that plastic a of the polymer plastics stretched the least with an average of m overall . then plastic c stretched an average of mm and plastic d stretched mm p b two ways to improve this experiment would have been to make sure each plastic is exactly the same length as the add to the end of the plastic they could also add a rd trial to make the experiment more valid .
through this data recorded from the experiment we can conclude that plastic a had the strongest polymer setup . this is because it stretched the least throughout both trials . one way this experiment could have been improved is by creating more contents . for example the weights added to the clamp should have definitely been the same . also to improve validity the student should have had the same starting length of plastics . thing this
the plastic with the least stretch would be plastic a because it had a small change from mm to mm . two ways the student could have improved the experimental design and or validity of the results are have the clamps and weights be the same ones every time and make sure the plastic is on the side of the table not going on the top of the table .
a . i concluded that plastic type b had the best stretchability and plastic type a had the least . p b . the student should have included in the procedure how many weight to put on the clamp and describe where on the bottom edge of the plastic to put the clamp .
a in conclusion plastic type
a conclusion could be that plastic type b had the best results for stretchability with m and m . to make the experiment more valid the group could have run more trials and they also could used more detail in the procedure like stated how heavy the weights were .
based on the data we can tell that plastic type a stretches the least amount of all other types of plastic . it only stretched an average of mm which was less than all others . the students could improve their experiment by adding another trial . this always verifies the validity of an experiment . they could also verify how long the strip of plastic is and keep that constant throughout the experiment .
i cannot draw a conclusion because important information is missing from the table . the students could have improved the test by adding in the plastic length to the data table . they also could have included the amount of weight the weights weigh .
a based on the data they can conclude that plastic b stretched the most . p b they could have included the mass of the weights added . they also should have included the size of the plastic samples .
a . based on the student data plastic type b stretched the most . plastic type stretch and mm . p b . the student could have been more specific about the amount of weights to add .
the plastic type b stretched the most out of all the other plastic types . two ways the student could have improved his experiment was to include in his data table how much weight he used on the clamp . to include what the starting length of the plastic was in his data table .
the students wanted to determine in this experiment which type of plastic a b c or d was able to stretch the most . based on the data plastic b had the best stretchability and was able to stretch mm in the first trial and mm in the second trial . the students could have conducted more trials to improve the validity of their results . to improve their experimental design they could have been more specific and stated how many weights should be added to the plastics and to better control the experiment .
a based on the students data plastic type b stretched the most at an average of . mm while plastic a stretched a mere mm average . plastic d stretched the second most with an average of mm and then plastic with . average mm . the average in stretchability is due to the different chemical composites of each plastic . p b the student could have improved the validity and design by recording how much weight was used which would allow someone to replicate the experiment and recording the percentage stretched rather than just how much . a sample that is cm but stretched mm is a much more significant change than one that is meters and stretched mm but the data table fails to recognize that .
based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type a was the strongest because it stretched the least amount . p b for the student to improve the experimental design they could have written how much weight the put on the plastics . and to improve the validity they should have done a third trial .
a after investigating how much each plastic type stretched a conclusion has made that plastic type b stretched most than d than c and plastic type a stretched the least . b two ways the student could have improved the experimental design was to first use the same starting length of the plastic bag that could effect the results and secondly be more specific about how much weight to add .
based on the data plastic type b stretched the most out of all of the plastics . type a stretched an average of mm type c stretched an average . mm and type d stretched mm . but type b stretched cm but type b stretched the most with an average of . mm . p b the student could have improved his experiment by telling how long the plastic was as well as how the weights weighed . another thing the student can do is add one more trial .
a a conclusion i can draw with the data present is that some plastics are more stretchy than others . for example plastic b is much more stretchy then plastic a . p b to improve there experimental design and validity the results they could of added another trial . also to say how much plastic measured before the plastic was stretched .
a my conclusion based on the students data would be that plastic b has the highest stretchability . i say this because plastic b had stretched more in minutes than any of the other plastics in this experiment . p b there are many ways this student could have improved their designs . one way they can improve their designs is to provide the weights of both the samples and weights . they could have also add more trials to improve their design .
. a plastic a is the most resistant and the strongest because it stretched the least out of the plastics . this is due to being created with more or stronger polymer chains . p b the experiment could be improved by using the same amount of the weights on each type of plastic . this would show how the strengths of the plastic differ mere accurately . also the trial should be performed more than times . since results varied greatly by up to mm with the nd trial this variation would be minimized with more trials .
base on the data table plastic type b stretched the most amount in mm in trial and mm in trial before tapping . the two ways the students could have improved their experiment better is by laboring how much weight was the weight add they to the clamp and also by adding more trials to see more accuracy .
nor
a . in conclusion we found that plastic type b had the most stretchability it stretched out the most both trials and that plastic type a was less stretchable . p b . two ways the students can improve there experiment design is to do three more so the experiment can be more valid and they should identify how much weight they put on the clamp .
a . a conclusion i can draw from the experiment is that that plastic type b has the most stretchability because it stretched the greatest amount of mm which was mm in trial and mm in trial . p b . the student could improve this experiment by specifying a certain length all polymer plastics should start out as so they all begin on the same level and therefore the data is accurate . also the student could specify how many millimeters of each plastic should be taped to the table so they all start put the same length make the data more accurate .
a plastic type b was the most stretchable while plastic type a was the least . p b they could add more trials and be more specific when the say weights by adding how heavy the weights are .
a . plastic type b has shown to be the most stretchable polymer plastic by stretching about mm . p b . one way the student could have improved the experimental design is by doing more trials . another way would be writing down how many weights they added to each plastic type .
a plastic type b has the most amount of stretchability in all the four plastics . p b the students could have repeated the experiment a third time and made sure that they were adding the same size weights every time .
a . plastic type b was the polymer plastic with the greatest stretch length . plastic type a was the most resistant to stretch . b . the students need to make a couple of changes to improve the validity of the results . in step of the procedure it says take a sample of one type of plastic b measure its length . this is misleading because all polymer plastics should be the same length at the beginning of the experiment . this is important b c the longest should be the piece is at the beginning can affect how much it will stretch . finally students need to change step add some weights to a specific number of weight . this is important b c if they put more weight on one plastic it will stretch farther than a plastic w less weight attached .
based on the students data it can be seen that plastic b stretched mm t and mm t making it the most stretchable . p the students could have improved the experiment by including the length of the plastics before stretching them . also they need to include how much weight to add to the plastic making it the same for each plastic to be valid .
a from the data i ve seen i can conclude that plastic type b stretched the most even though between both trials it only increased mm . but on the motherland plastic type d only hit and stayed still being close to b . p b i know two way that i could improve the experiment first the student should say how long each plastic should be second the student should say how much weight is being put on each time .
according to their the students results plastic sample a is the least stretchy while sample b was the most stretchy . i do not however believe these results are valid . they should have used exact measurement when saying to add weight to the clamp . another thing they could have done was added a third trial for increased accuracy and to that same note come up with an average stretch distance for each sample making it even more accurate .
a based on the data plastic type b had the most stretchability followed by type a c and lastly type a . p b one way the students could have improved their experiment design would be to identify a set mass of the weights . the students also identify a certain amount of type to have the same resistance .
a after finding all of the measurements and recording the data i can see that plastic type b has the most stretchability . then plastic type s then c and finally a which has the least amount of stretchability .
the student can conclude that type b was the most stretchable while type a was the least . the student should have given an exact length for each plastic to be stretched . the student should also have the exact amount of weighs that was to be applied .
a plastic b is the stretching polymer or plastic low of the ones tested it can stretch the most . plastic a stretched the least . p b the student needs to specify how many weights should be added how much those weights shall weigh . p the student should also have said how much of the plastic should be hanging off the table as this should remain the same for every plastic type they should be placed at the same points on the table .
plastic b had the greatest stretchability the students should have included how much the weights they used weighed and how many weights they used . also they should have included another trial .
a plastic b stretches the most . p b the student should have kept the length and width of the plastic samples constant and specified how much weight to attach .
a . plastic type b has the highest stretchability . p b the students could have improved the experimental design and validity of their results . they could have specified the amount of weights and kept that constant . also they could have done a third trial for each plastic to increase accuracy .
the conclusion that can be made from this students investigation is that plastic type b stretched the most . to improve the experimental design the students can give a better understanding on how to hold down the plastic and where to put the clamp . they should give more measurements for that so their results do not vary so much .
based on the student s data you can draw a conclusion that plastic type b stretched the farthest amount . one way the student could have improved the experimental design would be by adding more trials . another way would be by controlling the measurement of the plastic and weights so each are the same .
based on the data i would conclude that plastic type b stretched the most as it had an average of . mm stretched . one way the student could have improved his experiment design would have been to add another trial so that the results would have been more valid the to more results to a range . another way the student could have improved his experiment would have been to give a specific mass for the weights attached to the plastic so that other people can do the experiment and get the same results .
a from the given results one can conclude that plastic type b is the stretchiest type out of the four that were tested . p b however there are same ways that the validity of this experiment could be improved . one improvement could be to specify the original length of the plastic . if the sizes vary the data found is useless . comparable . another improvement to this experiment could be to perform more trials . you can not obtain consistency a needed ingredient in an ideal experiment in only two trials .
a plastic type b stretched the most during both trials of this experiment . p b first the student should have used the same length of each plastic . finally the student should make sure each type of plastic is hanging the same length off the table .
the conclusion drawn from the data would be that plastic type b stretches the most because it was the longest length after being stretched . the student could improve the experiment by adding more trials to get more data to drawn make accurate conclusion from . the student could also cut the plastic to the same starting length in order to ensure that they all have the same start and the results would be more accurate .
in conclusion to the polymer investigation lab it is clearly known that plastic type b was the most stretchable while plastic type a was the least according to the data collected . to improve the experiment the lab testers should have made sure that the plastic were all at the same length at the stare and recorded it . also they should ve made sure they used the same weights .
after looking at the data it showed that plastic type b stretched the most at mm t and mm t . two ways the experiment could have been improved could be to tell us the types of plastics and their starting lengths . also to specify the amount of weight that put or in step four .
based on the students data i conclude that plastic type b has the greatest ability to stretch . the students could have improved their design by specifying the mass of the weights attached so the experiment can be repeated and they could have done more trials so they could have more confidence in their results .
a plastic type b is the stretchable polymer plastic . p b the student should have specified a constant length to be used for each trial . also the students should have specified the weight being used .
i say that type b plastic would work the best because it stretches more . one way the students could have made their experiment is could have used specific type of weights . we didn t know the weight of them . they could have also repeated the trials .
a based on the students data plastic b is the most stretchability and plastic a is the less stretchable plastic . p b in the students experiment they could of stated exactly what was the measurement of the first type of plastic so they can repeat it accurately for the other plastics . they could of also deemed the exact weigh of the clamp and how much wished the wights they add to get an more accurate result for the stretchability of the plastics .
based on the results plastic a is the least stretchable and plastic b is the most stretchable . the students could improve the experiment by giving the exact amount of weight to be used so that the experiment can be redone it needed . the student could also make each plastic sample the same starting length to rule out length as a variable .
based on the students data i can examine that plastic type d was prepare ned correctly because the trials recorded the same length but plastic type b stretched farthest . two ways the student could improve the experimental design or validity is to create more trials to test the stretch and also state the weight size and make sure he put the exact weight measure for each plastic type and trial tested .
based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type b is the most stretchable and sturdy polymer just because it stretched more than any of other plastic types in both trials . two ways the students could have improved the experimental design and or validity of the results would be by including in the procedure the size of the weights used and the names of the different plastics in case another student wanted to replicate this experiment . also he she could have told us the starting size of the sample plastic prior to it being stretched
a . that substance b stretched the fastest and then d then c and finally a would stretch the least amount . p b . the student could have given the original length of the plastics . the student could have specified how much the clamp and the weights weighed .
a from this data it can be concluded that plastic type b is the most flexible because it has the longest length stretched in both trial and additionally . plastic type a is the least flexible since it had the shortest length stretched in both trials . b one way the experimental design could be improved is by adding more trials for each plastic because more trials lead to more accurate results . additionally the design could show how much weight is used on each plastic because if the weights are not the same for each plastic and trial the results are clearly not valid .
in conclusion type a is the strongest plastic and type b is the weakest plastic . p in this experiment they should have more trials than just . p they also should have put how much weight they used and if it was the same amount of weights .
a based on the results plastic type a was the least flexible while plastic type b was the most flexible . p b the student doesn t say where on the table to tape the tap edge of the sample . the student uses samples with varying length therefore making his results invalid .
according to the data plastic b seems to have stretched the most while plastic a stretched the least . p the experiment could be improved in two ways the plastics length was not constant and will affect the results . the plastics should be a set length . the weight of the weights should be specified so that others may similarly recreate the procedure .
a conclusion i can draw based on the start ends data is that plastic type b had stretched the most at the end of both trials . also i can draw the conclusion that type a stretched the least after both trials . ways the students could have improved the experiment or validity of the results are to control variables and perform more trials . they could have improved the experiment by controlling the number of weights type of clamp and the height that the plastic hung from .
a the conclusion has been drawn that plastic type b stretches the most . p b two ways to improve this experiment would be be tell how long to cut each plastic and how heavy the weights should be .
a . plastic type b stretched the most out of all the plastics . therefore plastic type b is the weakest . p b . two ways the students could have improved their experiment is clammy how much weight is put on to the clamps . also they should do one more trial to make the experiment more accurate .
based upon the students data displays that plastic type b is the most flexible compared to the other three types of plastic . two ways the student could have improved the experimental design would be to do the standard trials instead of two and also to further improve the student s avoiding of their results would be to record a before and after measurement as well as the averages to his table to make his more more clear or valid .
the plastic that stretched the most was b . this student could improve by recording the amount of weight used and having the same amount of weight for each they could have also added the length of the plastics to show .
a my conclusion based on the students data is that plastic type b is the most stretchable because for both trials it stretched more than all the other plastic types . b two ways the student could have improved the design could be to specify how many weights they added to the clamp and they could of also used something sturdier stronger to hold down the plastic so it wouldn t come off the table .
a . plastic type a was made of the least amount of polymers because it stretched the least and plastic b was the most . p b . the students could have written the measurements of the plastics before they stretched them and they also could have specified how much weight they held part on the clamps .
based on the data i can include that plastic b has the most stretchability . it had the most stretching for both the first and second trial mm and mm . to improve this experiment i would specify how much weight used in each type of plastic and i d make that a controlled variable . i would also include the length of the plastic before it was stretched so i can get a better idea on how stretchable the plastic really is
a based on the data i have seen plastic b seemed to be stretched out the most meaning it s too durable . and plastic a seemed to be stretched out the least meaning it s more durable . p b one way to improve this experiment is by telling us the amount of weight the student added to the clamp . also to get better results the student should ve conducted a third trial .
plastic b was the most stretchable . it stretched mm that and mm that plastic a was the least stretchable . it only stretched mm in trial and mm in trial . plastic d was the nd stretchiest with mm in the first trial and mm in the nd trial . and plastic c was the rd stretchiest with mm in the st and nd mm in the nd trial to improve the experiment they could have used the same length of plastic preceding the stretching .
according to the student s data plastic types b seems to be the most stretchable and plastic type a seems to be the most durable . i think they should have done a third trial and specified a certain weight amount .
in conclusion plastic type b has the most stretchability . one way to improve the experimental design is to make sure the same amount of weight is used for each plastic . another way to improve the experimental design is to run another trial .
a a conclusion that i can draw from the student s data is that plastic type b stretched the most . i know this is accurate because during the second trial it come to be about the same . p b to ways the student could have improved the experiment are p he she should have added how much each weighed and he she should have put the lengths of the plastics before they were stretched in her data .
based on the results of the experiment plastic type b had the least overall stretch . although the groups results are not valid . there are two ways to improve the experiment in an experiment you should always construct trials to validate your results also all of the samples should be exactly the same length .
based on the student s investigation i conclude that plastic types b and d are weaker polymers than plastic types a and c . both b and d stretched much farther than a and c which indicates that their polymer chains are not as strong . this student could improve the experimental design by using the same length of each sample to ensure that it is not a variable . also the student cold have used a set number of weight to make sure each sample was stretched by exactly the same forces .
a my conclusion is that plastic b was the stretchiest . p b to improve experimental design and validity the student should have specified how much weight he used to put on the ends of the clamps to stretch the plastic . also there should have been a control to compare the results to at the end . also there should have been a third trial so the experiment would be more valid .
according to this data table plastic type b has the best stretchability than the stretchability of plastic type a . p b . tore more accurate say how much the weight weighs and that you have been using the same for the same amount of time . also make sure that the student is using the same amount of each plastic .
a plastic type b has the greatest stretchability it stretched and mm in both trials while the other plastics stretched between and mm . p b the students could improve this experiment by adding more trials and by measuring mass of the weights .
in this lab a student investigated the stretchability of four different polymer plastics a b c and d . after two trials of each polymer the student concluded that plastic type b had the most stretching strength out of all that were tested . two ways the student could have improved this experimental design was to make sure the tape that was holding the type of plastic was secure enough to withstand the weight of the clamps and other weights . another improvement could have been to measure how much of the plastic you tape down .
a plastic type b was the only polymer plastic that was able to stretch out the most while plastic type a was the only polymer plastic that did not stretch out a lot . p b one way that the student could have improved the experimental design would be to state how many weighs to add on the clamp . another way that it could ve been improved was to do more trials .
based on the student s data the order of stretchability for the plastic types from greatest to least is b d c a . two ways the students could have improved the experimental design validity of the results would ve been to use the same clamp for all the experiments and to use the same amount of weights .
plastic type b was the most stretchiest plastic type a stretched the least . plastic type c a b stretched the second least while plastic type d stretched the second most and was constant with mm . the students could have improved the design by creating more trials for more valid results . more trials can show a trend in the data while only two can t . the students also should have clarified how much the weights should weigh when added and when to add them to the clamp .
plastic type b is the most stretchable with mm and plastic type a is the least stretchy it only stretched mm . however in order for this experiment to be more valid you would have to keep the amount of weight and the length of each plastic the same if you were to do this then you cold get a more accurate data .
based on the students data plastic type b is the stretchiest . one way they could have improved their experimental design is by creating a controlled length for each of the plastic types . another way they could have improved the validity of the experiment is by adding more trials because by performing more trials flukes will not greatly affect the data .
a conclusion based on the table is that plastic type b was the strongest because stretched very much and it did not break . two ways the students could have improved the experiment is specify how much weight to add to the plastics and tell us how long the plastic samples should be .
based on the results from the data table the two trials do not differ much but the second trial had a couple longer length so something could have been done differently from the first trial . the data should that plastic b stretched the farthest during the first trial and that it is the stretchiest the way the student could have improved the design or validity of the results is to repeat it more trials exactly like before to ensure the results are accurate . a second way the student could have improved the experimental design is to say how much weight to add to each plastic instead of just saying changed .
a in conclusion plastic b stretched the most ending with a total of mm of stretched plastic the least effective plastic in stretchability was plastic a only stretching a total of mm . b keep the amount of weights constant at a specific measurement . measure the plastics making them all the exact same size with specific numbers .
based on the students data i conclude that plastic type b stretched the most after five minutes . plastic type a stretched the least . the students should of told us how many weights to add to the clamp and how much each weight weighed . they also should of told us what type of plastic they were using .
the conclusion is that type b plastic will stretch the furthest . p how much weight to rise . p did a third trial .
plastic type b is the polymer plastic with the highest stretchability because in both trials it had stretched the most . this experiment is not very valid because the different polymer plastics started at different lengths which may have an effect on how much it stretches . also the measure of the weights weren t specified .
a . plastic type a stretched the least out of the others in both trials . plastic type is stretches the most in both trials . the student did not have a control variable . p the student could have measured each plastic before adding weights to make a control each plastic type had to be the same length . could have done more trials to make the experiment more valid
type plastic b stretched the longest in t to t having measurements of to . ways the students could improve their design adding measurement of which to clamp weights and how heavy the weights are .
a a conclusion based on the students data is that plastic type b is the most stretchable whereas type a is the least and is more resilient . p b two ways to improve the validity include adding a third because the data is different in the first and a third would confirm accuracy a little more . also contrast should be outlined such as keeping the original plastic samples . the same size before stretching specifying what ferments to go up by in weight added and specific amount of weight to add must be the same .
in the conclusion of the experiment plastic type b stretched the most to mm to mm . while i thought plastic type a stretched the least mm . two ways that these students can improve their experimental design would be having more variables controlled such as how much weight to put on to the clamps . also the students got include the starting size of the plastics so it is hard to conclude any of their data .
i can conclude that plastic type b is the stretchiest because it stretched to and mm . p the student could specify the amount of plastic that was hanging over the edge . the student could also say how much weight he was using .
in conclusion plastic type b has the highest stretchability while type a has the lowest . one way that the student could have improved the experiment would be to have a specific weight such as b b b . another way would be to add one more trial so as to prove or show better more valid results .
a from viewing data from me polymer investigation it shows that plastic type b truly has the most stretchability because it stretched the most out of all the polymers at average of . mm . p b the experimental design would have better if adopt a trial then the accuracy would go up . another thing that you could have done was specified how much weight your adding and if its the same amount for all plastics .
according to the students data type b polymer plastic stretched the furthest . the students could have improved this experiment by adding more trials and more sure that in step that all the plastic samples were changing freely down the side of the table evenly by measuring the parts taped .
a plastic b is more stretchable than plastic a c and d . the student didn t mess up anywhere during the experiment otherwise there would be a bigger gape on the st debility between two trials . p b the student should use the same amount of weights for each plastic and should have done a third trial .
a a conclusion i could come up with in this experiment is that plastic type b has stretched mm which makes it the most stretched but out of the they tested in both trials . while plastic type a had the least stretchability at mm . b two ways the students could have improved this experiment is they should have done at least or more trials to better the information given . they also should have made sure in step that each plastic was hanging off the table at the same length so it would be a fair way to measure at the end .
plastic
a conclusion is that plastic type a is the strongest plastic because once the weight was taken off the plastic didn t stretch that much . p p a way they could have improved there experiment is that they could have said how heavier the weights were also they could have made each plastic the same length before adding weights .
a . plastic b stretch the furthest and therefore had the most elasticity stretchability . plastic a was the least stretchy . these results were most likely due to the combination of polymers in each plastic controlling their physical attributes . p b . one way the student could have improved the experimental design originally is by stating how long the plastic should be cut to be . so to make the experiment uniform . he should have increased this in his table so people could see how the lengths changed . then he should have specified how much weight to add to the clamps for consistency .
a a conclusion to the experiment could be that plastic type b was able to be stretched the most mm mm when compared to the stretchability of the after three plastics . p b . one way the students could have improved the experiment would be to add in the conclusion the amount of weight they add up to each tag . they could have improved validity by adding another trial .
my experiment concludes that out of the four plastic polymers plastic type b was the stretchiest while plastic type a was the least stretchy . my hypothesis on how the plastic would stretch was correct because i know that plastic type b immediately seemed stretched than other plastic types . the students could have improved their experiment by using a constant length for the plastic and using a contrast weight to stretch it with .
a my hypothesis that plastic type b would stretch the most was correct . b stretched on average . mm while the other three ranged from mm . if i need a plastic with the largest stretchability i would choose b . p b the experiment would be more valid if i started with the same amount of each substance before doing the trials and it would also be more valid if i complete one or two more trials .
a according to the students data . the conclusion i can draw is that plastic b had the most stretchability it stretched mm in trial one and mm in trial two second was plastic d it s stretchability was mm for both trials and the least stretchability was plastic a with in trial one and in trial . b could have done more trials to compare data to and make trials to compare data to and make sure that each piece of different plastics were the same size .
it has come to my conclusion that plastic letter b is the strongest . plastic b showed that it has the strongest by consecutive stretching the most . p b first i would have don trial because that always renders a more exact rat result than . second i would make sure all the plastics war the same length .
a from the information in the data table i can conclude that plastic type b stretched the greatest considering that and mm is the highest number compared to the rest . p b two ways the students could have improved the design are measuring the length of plastic before the trials and doing one more extra trial to check validity .
based on the data collected by the experiment plastic type b has the greatest stretchability when attached to weights . however there are ways in which this experiment could be improved . the student did not specify how much weight or how many weights were added to the clamp . he she should write how many weights they used or even add trials where they utilize different amounts . also a third trial should have been conducted to formulate an average stretchability length . only measurements is not clear a third would allow the student to achieve an average length for each plastic making the numbers more simple to process .
plastic type b has more stretchability then plastics a c or d . plastic b stretched on average of . mm whereas a averaged it c averaged . and d averaged . the students should have specified the weight added and used that weight each time . the students should also have started with the same size plastic and specified that length .
based on these results i can conclude that plastic b has the most stretchability . these results are valid because of the two trials so i can confidently conclude this . to improve the validity even more would be to use the same length plastic for each type because this may affect the results . also the should give a specific weight to add on the procedure instead of just saying add weights .
plastic sample b stretched the farthest . p the experiment could have been improved by adding exact amount of what to be added on the plastics . also to measure how much of the plastics edge to be taped to the table so they are standing at the same point .
based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type b was the most stretchable of the four plastics because in t it stretched mm and in t it stretched mm . one ways the student could have improved the validity of their results would be to do more trials . one way they could have improved the experimental design would be by specifying the amount of weights to place on the clamps in step .
a the stretchiest polymer plastic tested was type b followed by type c then type a being the least stretchiest p b the student could have . improved the experiment by completing more trials to make conclusion more valid . also the student could use a constant measurement of how far off the table the plastic should hang and where to tape it the student could also improve it by using a set amount of weights .
a plastic type b has the most stretchability because it stretched to and mm for both trials . plastics a c and d only reached maximum lengths of or mm for both trials . p b the students could have improved their experimental design and or validity by adding more trials or by ensuring that the same length of plastic hangs on the side of the table .
the conclusion for this experiments is the plastic the trials the most stretchable in trial the amount stretched was mm . in trial the amount stretched was mm . ways the students could have improved the experiment design or validity of the results is to include the length before it was stretched and keep the amount of heights constants .
a polymer plastic b s the stretchiest polymer plastic . p b the student can verify that the lengths of all the plastics are the same at the beginning of the experiment to keep samples constant and he can verify the weights of the weights and clamps to keep variables constant as well .
from the student s experiment i can conclude that plastic type b was able to stretch the most while plastic type a stretched the least . however these students need to improve their experimental design . two ways that is possible would be to give definite and constant stretching results for each sample as well as defining how much weight should be used and where the clamp should be placed exactly . this would definitely improve the validity of their results .
plastic type b stretches the farthest . the students could have improved the experiment by doing a third trial and by specifying how much weight to add to the clamp .
a in conclusion the plastic type that stretched the most was plastic b . p b two ways that the student could of improved his or her investigation is by saying how many weights will they student put and how much does it weigh . also describe how long the plastic types were before she started her experiment .
a . in conclusion some of the plastics stretched more than others however all of them did stretch . polymer a stretched the least and polymer b stretched the most . from the results it can be assumed that all polymers stretch . p the student needs to specify how much weight is added and what the starting and ending measurement of each plastic were .
a plastic type b was the most stretchy and stretched the longest during the given time . p b the way the students could of improved was they could of conducted more trials to improve the validity of the results also in their procedure they could of said to make sure each polymer plastic was measured out before the experiment so they all start at the same length .
plastic b proven by the results is the most stretchable of the four plastics . due to it stretching mm on the first trial and mm on the second trial its average amount stretched to . mm making it mm stretchier the the runner up plastic . p one way they could have improved the design of the experiment is by making sure all the plastics used had the same initial length . also to tell how much the weights of the clamp weighed to be able to re conduct the experiment to do more trials .
a based on the students data i can draw the conclusion that plastic type b had the most stretchability . if you you peter back to the graph in trial plastic b was and in trial it was which was more than any of the other plastics . b one way in which the students could have improved the experimental design is by adding another trial . they could also have told you how long the type of plastic was to begin with in the first place therefore increasing the validity and accuracy of the experiment .
a to conclude plastic type b is the most stretchable out of all four types of plastics . type b stretched mm on t and mm on t average of . mm while type a and c ranged between mm and mm and type d mm . type a was the most stretch resistant so this type of plastic would be the best for grocery bags so that food doesn t fall out . p two ways the student could have improved the experimental design is by including how much the weights attached to the clamp on the plastic weighed and how long the plastic should be for each type . should it be the same or different .
based upon the given data i can conclude that plastic b had the most stretchability . the first thing the student needs to fix is in his experimental design in step s he says to add weight . . . but they don t specify how much weight to add . the next thing that needs to be fixed deals with validity . the student needs to record the starting length of each plastic as well as keep their length constant . p say eat amount of weights to add record starting length of plastics .
a . based on the students data plastic b was able to be stretched the most it was stretched mm the first time and the second . p b first the student should have stated how much weight to add to the clamp and measured how much the clamp weighed . to get the total weight added would ve improved validity . also the student should have made the plastic sample all the same length so that they started from the same point .
a based on the students data one can conclude that plastic type b had the most stretchability . for both trials performed type b stretched the furthest at mm mm . therefore this type of plastic is probably the most durable of the because it was able to withstand such stretching . p b the students could have improved by specifying what types of plastics to use instead of just a b c or d . also by specifying how far from the edge of the table each piece of plastic needs to be taped as this can effect results if they are not all the same lengths .
based on the students data we can conclude that plastic b has the most stretchability compared to plastics ac or d . in trial plastic type b stretched mm and mm in trial . all of the other plastics stretched less than this amount . for example plastic a only stretched mm for trials . ways this experiment can be improved can be do to even more trials in order to verify results even greater . they also can specify the size of the plastic and keep it constant . the length of each plastic shows the same . if the plastics are of different sizes then the results could be affected . also the students could have also specified how much like weight is and used the same amount of weights for each one . if one plastic had kg on it and another kg then the one with kg may stretch farther not because it has more stretchability but because it was held by more weight . this is how they could improve .
a plastic type b can stretch the most while a has the most tensile strength because it stretched the least . p b the student could have improved their design by having the plastic be the same length for each plastic . for example each could be a foot long . a second change would be to put the same amount on each plastic for example each could have a lag weight .
a the plastic that has the most stretchability is plastic type b a stretch of mm in the first trial and in the mm in the second trial . plastic type a has the worst stretchability . stretching mm in the first trial and mm in the second trial . p b they should have stated and used the same amount of weights for each trial . they also should have used the same amount of each plastic .
a based on the students data plastic type b stretched the most . all of the bags stretched only around to mm difference in both trials compared to their first . p b two ways the student could have improved the experimental design and or validity of the results was to show the length before they were stretched and show the amount of weight added onto the clamps .
a i would conclude that plastic a is the strangest because it didn t stretch as much as plastics b c or d . p b one thing the student s could have done to improve their experiment is include exactly how much weight they put on each clamp so it could easy repeated and easier to understand . another thing they can do is do a third trial for more accurate results .
a based on the student data plastic b is the most stretchable . plastic b stretched an average of . mm while the next most stretched plastic was d with an average of mm . p b to improve validity design the student could have conducted more trials . the students also should have specified exactly how heavy the weights used are so that the experiment is regrettable .
by the result of the student s investigation they have concluded that plastic type b is the stretchiest polymer of all four and plastic type a is the least stretchiest polymer . p three ways the student could have improved the experimental design is by starting off with each polymer with the same length . the same amount of weights for each polymer and repeating the experiment times instead of .
there is not enough data to draw a conclusion from the students data the students never told us what the starting length of the polymer plastic where and they never told us how much the weight weighed .
based on the students data it shows that plastic type a had the highest stretch constance to the weights pulling on it . in the two trials it only stretched and mm while the next best stretched and . one way to improve their experiment is to have performed a third trial . although their test two were similar to end results the third trial would only have made it more valid definitely proving their results are correct . another way is to specify how heavy the weights are and what type of plastic is being used . then the reader would know exactly what you re doing in the experiment and it d give a better understanding .
based on the data we can conclude that plastic type b is the stretchiest since it stretches the most in both trials . p keep the same length of the plastics of a constant and specified length . repeat trials again rd time .
based on the student s results the plastic with the most stretchability is plastic b . both trials it had the highest length . it beat plastic d by and mm . p two ways the student could have improved the experiment is by repeating the experiment at least one more time . it helps the validity of the experiment . another way he she could have improved is by having a certain length and shape for the various plastics .
plastic type b is the stretchiest type of the plastic types this student tested . p b the student could ve specified how many weights to add and how much each weight weighed .
plastic type b is the most stretchable plastic out of the other four . the students could have ensured that all the plastics are the same length before they begin the experiment . they could have also added specific amounts of weight rather than simply adding a random amount . this would have made the experiment more conclusive .
the validity of the data is questionable but one conclusion is that plastic a was the strongest because it stretched the least . p two things the students could have done to improve his experimental design validity of his results are data certain long
a out of all plastics type b was the most stretchable for both trials d was the second most stretchable c the third and a was the least to improve the experimental design the student should have specified the length of the plastics and made sure they were all the same continuity and accuracy of the results . another thing that should have been done is the mass of the weights should have been included and it should have been specified that they were all the same to again ensure accurate results .
a based on the student s data polymer plastic type b was the most stretchable and polymer plastic type a was the most resistance to stretching or the strongest . type b stretched an average of . mm while type a stretched only an average of mm and types c and d came in the middle stretching averages of . mm and mm . type a had the strongest polymer in the plastic and type b had the weakest . p b . the first improvement could have been to include control by testing the stretchability of the materials or plastics without polymers or running trials on the same plastics without adding weights to have a valid comparison to see if the polymers are actually what are affecting their stretchability . the second improvement could be to make sure each plastic is of the same thickness as that can affect stretchability . they could also use more precise instrument or run more trials .
a . plastic type a is stronger and stretches less slowest then c d and b . p b . make each plastic the same starting length and the weights are the same weight .
as a conclusion to the data shown on the table plastic b had the most stretchability . according to the data collected the information is reliable because the amount stretched in t wasn t too different than t . the student could ve made the experiment more reliable by specifying the exact length of each plastic to start with and made them all the same . also the student should ve been exact about the weights and made sure it was the same for all of them .
plastic type b is the stretchiest plastic and plastic type a is the least stretchiest plastic . the students could have improved there design by naming the type of brand of type they used and the amount of it to hold the plastic wrap . another improvement would be measuring the amount of plastic so that it would be the same amount for each plastic type and using the same weights for each trial so that the results would be correct .
a my conclusion is that plastic b stretched more than the other types of plastic because plastic a stretched up to the average and plastic b had an average of . . p b two ways the student could have improved the experimental are the student could do more trials and the student could gave the information about the measure of each sample of plastic .
a plastic type b had the most stretchability while plastic type a had the least . p b all the plastics should be the same length . make a machine add the weights and remove them and the clamp b c a human may place the weight w a different amount of force for every plastic . put two clamps instead of tape b c the tape may evert it s own force while the clamps wont .
a in conclusion plastic type b was the most stretchable polymer plastic . p b the student could tell you the size of the polymer plastic and make sure all of them are the same size . also the student can tell you how much weight is being clamped on to the plastic .
a in conclusion polymer b is the one that could stretch the most and polymer a is the one who can t stretch as wide . p b to make the validity of the experiment more accurate than they should of had exact measurement for example in step the could of said how much it should be hanging by . also the could of added another trial it is always good to have trials just in case of any mistakes .
a the most plastic type b had the most stretchability in the trial it stretched mm visible plastic type a stretched mm and in trial it stretched mm while type a stretched mm . p b the students should had the lengths of the plastics start out he same that way no plastic could be able to hold more weights since it was longer . students should also specify how many weights are added for five minutes so that way a plastic doesn t stretch more just because it had more weights .
i can conclude that plastic type b was superior and has more stretch ability than any other plastic type . p b the student could have added more trials to secure the validity that plastic type b had the most stretchability . the student could have drastically improved the experimental design by mentioning how much the weights weigh .
a from the data i am draw the conclusion that polymer b had the most stretchability . polymer plastic b stretch an average of . mm which was greater than polymer a c and d . p b . to improve this experiment the students should make sure that the amount of weight put on each plastic sample to make sure that the type of plastic was the only variable involved . also the students should run more trials to make sure that their results were valid . with more trials the experiment will get more results and a better chance that they are accurate .
a . plastic type b is the stretchiest of all the plastics tested . plastic a is the strongest and stretched the least amount . p b . the student should have an desire that the plastic sheets started out the same length . also must have had the same amount of weights applied .
a . according to the student s data plastic type b is the most flexible of the plastic types . p b . first the students could have used a specific length for each plastic strip to begin with because they will most likely stretch more if they are longer to begin with . second they should make sure that they add the same weight for each trial and plastic because they are measuring credibility not how much weight each can hold .
a conclusion that can be drawn is that plastic type b was the most stretchable of the plastics . the student could improve their experimental design would be to make sure all the different plastics were the same length before the weights were added and make sure to include that original measurement in the data table . the student should also keep the number of weights on the plastic constant because if are plastic had more weight applied to it then another it may appear to have stretched more .
a . based on the data it can be concluded that plastic types b has the least strength or the most elasticity because it stretched the farthest of all the other plastics . plastic d is the second and plastic c is the third plastic with least strength or most elasticity . since plastic a had the least stretched length it is the strongest or least plastic plastic . p b . to improve the validity of this experiment it would be wise to sure that each plastic is not only the same size but is also taped at the exact same spot to the table and is clamped at the same spot as well . this will allow for the removal of other in fencing factors . it is also important to specify the amount of weight that is used . the same amount of weight should be used for each plastic trial to ensure that weight is not a variable in the experiment .
i can conclude that plastic type a is a stronger plastic that it not very good a stretching . i would add how much weight to put on the clamps and put in a rd trial .
based on the student s data t conclude that plastic type a was the strongest plastic because it stretched the least amount two ways that the students could have improved the experimental design are adding a trial and recording the original length of the plastic .
i can conclude that the plastic a stretched the least from all the plastics used . and plastic b stretched the most from all the plastics used . plastic a stretched less because it was better than plastic b . the student should have done more than trials . and also should have told us the measurement of of the plastic bag . so we could know how much it was before it stretched .
based on the student s results polymer b was able to stretch the furthest length being mm in trial one and mm in trial two . p two ways that the student could improve the experimental design is by specifying in the procedure the weight of each weight and by performing an additional trial .
a . based on the student s data plastic b stretches the most and plastic a is the most rigid . p b . the students could have improved their experimental design by using something stronger than tape to hold the plastic they also could have done more trials since their results between the two trials varied significantly .
the student can conclude that plastic b stretches the most . according to the data plastic b stretched the most both trials . twenty two mm in the first and twenty three in the second . while the other plastics stretched less . p the student should perform a third trial for accuracy and the student should keep a constant number of weights attached to each plastic .
based on the results plastic b stretched the most than d c a . p the student could of validated his statement more by giving more amounts like how much plastic and how much weight . they could also of validated it by doing the trial a rd or th time so it was more accurate .
a based upon the data plastic b was the most flexible while plastic a was the least flexible . p b the students could improve the experiment in two ways . add a constant amount of weight to each clamp for each experiment . . create a constant starting length for each sample and measure for the increase in length .
a based on the results you can tell that plastic type b can hold the most weights and plastic type a can hold the least weight . p b two ways the students could improve the experiment was to do three trials for an accurate results and have every thing the same measurement to also be accurate .
a the conclusion is that plastic type d is more stretchable than the most stretchable plastic a . p i d improve this they should have included how much weights was put into each bug and also measurement of the bag before they do the experiment .
a . plastic b has the greatest ability to stretch because it stretched the most in t and t . p b . one way to improve the experiment would be to specify how long each sample is at the beginning of each trial and have them all the same initial length i . e mm . p another way to improve this experiment is to specify an exact weight to be clamped to each plastic sample i . e . grams .
for the polymer investigation lab experiment my conclusion from the data is that plastic type b was the most break resistance and stretched the most at mm . two ways the students could of improved the experiment is in prouder one . it said to measure the length should be a certain lengths for all the plastics . my second thing is how heavy are the weights in the experiment that hung on the bag .
according to the student s data plastic type b had the greatest capability of stretching because it stretched an average of . mm . plastic type a only stretched and average of mm . one way the students could change the experiment is by cutting each plastic sample length may be a contributing factor affecting results . another way to improve the experiment is by taping all the plastics at the same place on the table so an equal amount of plastic is hanging of the edge .
in total we came a conclusion that plastic type b stretched the furthest in both trials i and in and plastic a stretch the least in trials i and in . p two ways the student could have improved the experiment design and or results was by stating how many the weights were and did more trials .
based on the student s data plastic a stretched the least amount . plastic b stretched the most . plastic d stretched the same amount of mm during trial and trial . to improve the experimental design the student should have started off with all the plastic types being the same length before starting the experiment . another way to improve the results would be to use all the same weights added to the clamp each time . different weights can cause different results .
based on the data the b type plastic is the most stretchable . in the first trial it was stretched mm and in the second mm . the student could improve the experiment by through if he tells us which amount of weight he used . also the student could try the experiment for a longer period of time and then do this experiment than twice .
plastic type b stretched the furthest in both trials meaning that it had the largest stretchability . one way that the student could have improved the experiment would be to specify and include in the procedure or clarify in this data table if that was the the dimensions of his plastic samples . that way same the able would be the results were strictly describing and comparing the stretchability of the samples and there were an outside source trying the outcome . another way he could improve the validity of his lab is regulate how much weight he added to the clamp and a lot include that in his procedure or data table in order to present his experiment more clearly .
the conclusion of the investigation could be that plastic a was the best because when weights were added didn t stretch that much compared to the other plastics . two ways the student could ve improved the experiment is by adding the same weights to each plastic and when starting the experiment use plastics with the same length .
plastic type b has the highest stretchability as it stretched and mm the furthest . plastic type a is the least stretchable it only stretched and mm the least out of all . this experiment would be more valid if the student had trials instead of only to rule out any problems . the student should have also specified the amount constant length of plastic .
a based on the experiments plastic type a is the strongest of all plastics plastic b is the weakest . b is the weakest because it stretched the most and this could be because the plastic is thin while plastic a was more thick instead of a linear polymer like b plastic a was probably a thatched polymer with many different bonds . p b to improve the experiment the students should have use the same amount of each plastic to test . the size of the plastic adds another variable to the experiment . they should also specify which weights they use and should make the weight for each plastic constant .
nor .
a plastic b is the stretchiest polymer plastic because of the amount of mm it stretched in the span of five minutes . p b the students needs to make each sample of plastic the exact same size and to improve the validity the could complete a third trial .
plastic type b stretched the longest of them all with mm for its first trial and mm for the second trial . they could have improved the experimental design by measuring to make sure that one type of plastic isn t longer than another type . they also could have done another trial for more accurate results .
a based on the data plastic b was the most stretchable plastic . this is because on average it stretched . mm in length . the next highest amount stretched by plastic d was an average of mm in length showing that plastic b stretched the most . b one way the student s could ve improved their design is by adding a third trial . this could help make sure there was no faulty data such as an outlier . they also could ve written the amount of weight that was stretching the plastics . otherwise for all the prove they could ve been changing these weights which would ve given them independent variables therefore making their experiment invalid .
one conclusion you can draw is that plastic sample b has the best stretchability . p the students could have made this better or more valid by having a third trial as well . and state how much weight is being added to the plastic .
plastic stretched the most it had stretched mm and mm . plastic a stretched the least it stretched mm and mm . the students would have improved they experiment by writing more details like writing what was the begging length and write how much the weights weighed . they also could have put an experimental control like using a piece of metal instead of plastic .
it can be concluded that plastic type b is the stretchiest of the plastics and that plastic type a is the least stretchiest . two ways the student could have improved the experimental design was by doing more trials to data in more results and by specifying the exact mass of the weights hanging from the plastic .
plastic type a stretched the least . they could have made this environment better by telling all this you what the plastics were . they could have said how much weren t they used . they finally could have said what the starting length should be .
from this experiment i can conclude that plastic type b stretches the most and plastic type a stretches the least . p make all the other plastics the same size of the first one . they also could of made another trial with a different set sample of each plastic .
a . the student s data shows that the type b plastic is the most stretchy while type a plastic is the least stretchy . type c is almost the same firmness as a and d has almost the same stretch as b . p b the students could have improved their experiment by stating the weight of the weights they used to make sure they used the same weight for each plastic type . they could have repeated the experiment more to validate their results .
based on the student s data plastic type b stretched the most compared to plastic type a c and d . therefore b has the most stretchability . two ways to improve the experimental design are to make sure each plastic starts at the same length and that the same amount of weights are used for each plastic .
a conclusion i have drawn is that plastic type b is the best plastic in this experiment . i know this because the data shows that it had stretched the most compared to the other three plastics in five minutes . two ways the students could have improved the experimental design and the validity of the result would be in perform the experiment again and make sure the same weights are used . by performing the experiment again the data would be shown four times instead of two and for once accurate . by using the same weights we would know that the plastics are stretched fully .
a . plastic b stretched the most d the second most c the second least and a the least . p b . for one student cased have included more trials only two trials is not that many and could have found and take results . more trials would have increased the validity . for another the incident have specified the weight of the weight in the procedure leaving that unspecified leave that variable uncontrolled therefore therefore specifying the weight of the weight would have been highly been held to both the experimental to design and the validity .
a from this data one can conclude that plastic type b stretched the most in both trials . the data supports that this polymer plastic has the most specified what length the four plastics should all start at . in order to increase the validity of the experiment . they could also have specified what amount of weight so that each plastic would be pulled by on equal amount .
plastic type b has the greatest stretchability out of the other four . the student could have done more trials . they could of also tell us a specific weight .
a from the student s data we can conclude that plastic type b has the most stretchability stretching an average . mm per trial compared to type d s mm type c s . mm and type a s mm . p b one way the student could have improved is by increasing the number of trials carried out which will increase data accuracy and lessen the effect of outline . a second way he could ve improved is by stating the weight of the weights he used . not specifying this could lead to variations of data and almost impossibility to replicate the experiment .
based on the data provided by the student i have concluded that plastic type b stretched the most in both trial and trial . p one way the student could have improved the experiment was by having a continual for example they could have done a third trial to see if there was anymore change . the second way the student could have improved the experiment was by giving the length of each plastic to see if they were the same .
the results from the students polymer lab show that plastic type b stretched furthest in both that s then any other material . the students could have improved the experiment by telling how much weight to add to each same and by telling how to specifically add them i . f . shortly or by just dropping the weights on the clamp . as always more trials will increase the validity of any results in a science lab .
based on the students data the plastic type b was the plastic with the most stretchability . the group could have improved their design by specifying how much weight weighed and kept it constant by having each weight the same . also they should have included before and after length in their design table .
a based on the students data plastic type b is the stretchiest plastic . p b make all original lengths equal i add the same weights undefined in the procedure . find a way besides tape to hold the plastic .
a . plastic type b stretched the farthest in both trials while plastic type a stretched the least meaning type b was more stretchability than type a . p b . one way the student could ve improved this experiment would be to add a control group so you could see the initial lengths of the plastics . another way would be to to add more trials to average out the stretchability .
a . plastic type a is stronger than the rest . p b . there a set length and width for each piece of plastic instead of it being whatever it happens to be . a different size may mean a difference in durability and strength .
a . i conclude that plastic b is the strongest with an average stretch length of . mm . plastic a is the least stretchiest with an average of mm . plastic d is the second stretchiest with an average of mm and plastic c is the third with . mm as the average . p b . they could have had a constant beginning plastic length . p they could have had a standard weight of the weight and tried stretching with heavier or lighter weight for a rd trial to see how the weight affects the polymer .
plastic b stretched the most out of all of the plastics . to improve this lab the students should give a specific weight to add so it is the same for all test should make a specific length for the plastic .
based on the students data plastic b stretched the most with mm for trial and mm for trial . these students could have improved in a lot of things . first off they could have been more specific in their experimental design . they could have been more specific and told how the weight of the weight was . they could have also added more trials to get a better result .
conclusion the stretchiest plastic was type b . improvements they could of had more than one two trials and they could have added the original lengths of the plastic in their results . to know that all the plastics were the same length .
a . plastic type b was the stretchiest plastic stretching mm in t and mm in t . plastic type a was the least stretch and only stretched mm for t and mm for t . p b one way to improve the experiment would have been to add a trial with a different set of weights . second the experiments validity is off because there were no stated constants . the plastic starting length weights added and conditions like weather should be the same for all trials .
a . plastic type b is the most stretchable with an average of . mm of stretchability . the least most stretchable had an average stretchability of . mm less than type b of mm . p b the student could have specified a single starting length for each trial of each type of plastic . p the student could have specified the weight to add .
according to the student s data plastic b stretched the most with an average of . mm . plastic d was the second most flexible because it stretched an average of mm while plastic c was the third most flexible plastic because it stretched an average of . mm . lastly plastic a stretched the least with an average of mm . however these results are not valid . in order to make them valid the students would need to use plastics that are the same length and use the same weight to stretch . this would ensure valid results because it would be guaranteed the same size plastic was being pulled with the same forces .
a my conclusion would be that plastic b stretched the most because it had the farthest length s both times . p b they should have put weights to make the weight even on the other side . they should ve also done more trials on the other types of wrap .
according to the results shown on the table i can conclude that the plastic type b is the most stretchable . type b stretched the most at mm . type d stretched mm while type c stretched mm . type a only stretched mm . there are many ways that the group could have improved their design . one thing the could have shown is the initial length of the plastic . also the group could have shown how much weight they added to the clamps . this would allow me to reproduce their experiment and compare results .
a in conclusion plastic type b was stretched the farthest for both trials and plastic type a had the least amount of stretching . p b the students could have improved their experiment s by adding more trials and tell us the specific amount of weight used for each plastic .
a . overall plastic type b had the most stretchability amongst all of them . p b . done more trials to compare with results . b check lengths and other measurements to see if they are correct .
this polymer investigating lacks numerical data . i can lab make a solid conclusion . p the students can improve the late by saying the original length of the plastic and the ending length . they can also say how much weight they are using and what plastics they are using .
based on the students data plastic a was stretched the least at an average of mm . plastic b stretched the least at an average of . m . after that came a plastic d with mm followed by plastic c at . mm . the student could have improved the experimental design and its validity by doing a rd trial also the student could have stated whether or not the plastics started off at a constant length for all u .
a conclusion that can be drawn based on the students data is plastic type b is more stretchable than the others because in t it stretched mm and t it stretched . the other plastics didnt stretch as far as plastic b . two ways the students could ve improved the experimental design and or validity of the results is did a third trial and measure how far the plastic was on the edge of the table .
a . in conclusion the plastic that stretched the most was plastic type b at and mm . the plastic that stretched the least was plastic type a at and mm . p b . one way to improve this experiment is to add constants like how many weights and how much do they weigh . also they should do another trial and then average out the results .
based on the student results i can conclude that plastic type b is the most stretchable . in the data plastic type b stretched to mm on t and mm in t . none of the other plastics had stretched as much . then ways to improve this experiment is to add another trial and average the data . also the student needed to tell exactly how much weight he clamped to the plastics .
a based on the student s data plastic type a is the least stretchable while plastic type b is the most stretchable . plastic types b and c fall in the middle of these two in terms of stretchability b was more stretchable than c . p b one way the student could have improved the experiment would be cutting all of the samples to uniform lengths and widths rather than simply measuring what their length already was . the student also could have specified how much weight was being added to each sample .
a a conclusion i can draw by looking at the student s data is that the type b plastic stretched the most after the two trials . p b the two ways these student could have improved their was by added more trial . also they should have established a starting length of the plastic .
a a conclusion that could be drawn based on the students data is that plastic type b can stretch the most with t being mm and t being . and plastic type a stretching the shortest with t at mm and t at mm . p b the student should have made sure that all plastics strips are the same length and the student should have tape all the steps in the same spot .
plastic type b stretched the longest out of plastic a c and d . on the first try stretching mm and the second time stretching mm . to make the experiment better the student should have done the experiment a couple more times because plastic type d stretched mm both times . the second way he or she could make it better is by telling how much weight he added on the clamp .
a . according to the student s results type b plastic was longer in length and stretchable . plastic a seemed to be the least stretchable but only at a length of mm . p b . the student could have been to say how much weight to put in the clamp so it could be a constant variable . also the student could have put the initial length of the plastic with the results to see which plastic had stretched the most .
a . based on the finding the stretchiest plastic is type b stretching mm in t and mm in t . the least stretchy would be type a stretching mm in t and in t . p b . . they needed to specify the size of the plastic samples for example in in . if they weren t all the same size the results would be inaccurate . . they also needed to specify the weight without it one sample could stretch more having pounds on it than on sample with only pockets on it .
in conclusion plastic type b had stretched the farthest . the two types were both pretty constant with ie new have penis . a way this student could have improved this was by telling us how what the original measurement the plastic type was . therefore we could see how much it s stretched . i think these types could have done another trial to make the experiment a little more valid .
a based on the students data i can conclude that plastic type a stretched the least . it is the strongest of the four because it only stretched an average of mm averaged from the two trials while b s average stretch was . mm c s average stretch was . and c s average was mm . b . they should have specified the amount of weight . they should have specified the size and shape of the plastic .
a . plastic type b stretched the most with mm and plastic type a stretched the least with mm . p b . two ways they could have improved the experimental design is by having all of the plastics being the same length in the beginning and adding a certain amount of weights not just saying add weights .
a based on the students data i conclude that plastic type a was the least stretched out and that plastic type b was the most . p b two ways the students could have improved the experimental design and or validity of the results is by one keeping the amount of weight added to each type of plastic constant and two making sure that the weight of the clamp was subtracted .
based on the students data results plastic type d stretched the most . plastic type a stretched the least . two ways the students could have improved the experimental design and validity of the results are that they should of measured how long each piece of plastic was before they added the weights so they can know how much the plastic stretched . also they should of used the same amount of weights .
a in conclusion plastic type b had stretched the most in both trial one and trial two . plastic type a had stretched the least amount in both trials . p b the students could have added how many weights they put on the plastic and how much each weight weighed . they should have added how long the plastic was before it was stretched .
conclusively plastic type b tested to stretch the longest length compared to the other three samples . p . there is no control in the starting length of the plastics . different sizes of samples can invalidate the experiments results . p . the amount of weight attached to the clump should be held constant . plastic type b which stretched the longest could have had more weight on it than the others .
a conclusion on could draw is that plastic type b has the most stretchability . a student could improve the design and results by adding more trials and specifying how much weight should be added . these two suggestions would durastialy improve the validity of the results as well as improve the design .
plastic type b was the most stretchable . it stretched on average . mm while the others did not stretch past mm . the student could have improved the experiment as design by including the averages and using trials instead of one . also if one made all the plastics the same length . one could accurately determine which was the most stretchable .
a we can conclude that plastic b is the most stretchable from all the types but the lab is not valid because judging by the results the lab was not done the same for each trial . p b . two way to improve this lab are have s or third trials at least state the weight of the product used to put on the plastic material .
