rose is thoughtful and caring . she has plenty of topics or activities in her life that she could be complaining about however she puts others before herself . for example in the story aunt kolab asks rose if the work she does to help the family weighs her down . rose did not want to tell her the truth because she did not want to hurt her aunt . therefore one can see rose cares about others emotions and can be characterized as thoughtful .
one trait that describes rose is understanding . when she was talking to anna anna was saying that she is lonesome for papa and that it feels like he has been gone for years . rose understands that even though it hurts his family emotionally papa had to take the job in los angeles to give his family a better life . she says to anna that it has only been four months since he left and that he gets paid three times what he was making there .
based on her conversation with anna rose comes across as understanding . she explains to anna that even though it s hard on them they each have their part to do for the family in order to help during difficult times . this shows that she understands the families struggles and realizes they need her help . even though she feels slight resentment for this she suppresses these feelings while explaining the situation to anna because she understands that the family needs them to help out .
rose is a very optimistic person . in her conversation with anna rose always looks at things as if they were for the better and that they will have a good outcome . when they are talking about their father who moved away to get a better job anna is complaint about how they never get to see him anymore but rose is looking at it from the other point of view that he did it to get more money to help support his family and to send his girls to college .
she is caring she doesnt want to tell her aunt because she is afraid she is going to make her feel bad .
from her conversations rose seems to be a caring individual in the way that she tried to comfort anna and in her kind and gentle behavior towards aunt kolab when asked if this lifestyle was difficult . she cares about her family enough to work a job to help support the family and send her brother to college and seems to be caring enough to help carry the entire family .
in the story rose is a very giving person . she tries to help pay for her brothers college and do an essay to receive a prize . she works all the time just to help her brother . that is why she is a very giving person .
one trait that can describe rose is thoughtful . rose is thoughtful because in the story she is trying to help her sister understand that their father had take the other job for the money .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversations is that she is caring . rose cares for her sister and family even to the point where she will hide her true feelings to make her sister feel better . when rose was having a conversation with anna she spoke gently trying to word her sentences to make it seem that it was not that big of deal that their dad was gone . based on her conversation with anna rose seems to be a thoughtful and caring person .
rose is a caring person . in paragraph when anna wakes up from having a bad dream rose tries her best to comfort her sister . she speaks in a gentle voice so as not to increase the despair that her younger sister is feeling . while speaking to anna rose displays this specific character trait . anna was not completely satisfied with rose s answer but she still was able to go back to sleep . in this i think rose shows the readers that she is indeed a caring person .
rose is caring . the part where her aunt asks her is she feels weighed down because of her family rose did not want to answer because she felt it would hurt her aunts feelings .
caring anna what s wrong you feel ok
rose is a very caring person . in the conversation rose was having with anna she was trying to reassure her sister . rose was trying to let anna know that everything would be alright once paul received a job . paul would pay for rose and anna to go to college so that they can get jobs . when rose is talking to aunt kolab she didn t want to tell her aunt about how she really felt about weighing down the family . rose believed that if she told the truth it would hurt aunt kolab s feelings . rose really did believe that she was being weighed down by her family she just didn t want to admit it to aunt kolab .
in the conversation between rose and anna a reader can depict that rose is caring of others . during the conversation rose asks anna if she s alright and rose also tries to explain why their father is gone and that in the end it is all worth it .
rose is caring she says her and her sister have a part to do to help paul finish college .
rose is trying to be very optimistic during her conversation with anna . she tries to make anna realize that her dad left only because he was getting paid more at his new job .
rose is kind hearted as shown by the gentle manner in which rose spoke to her younger sibling anna and also shown by the fact that rose did not want to tell the truth about how she felt because she feared it might hurt her aunt kolab .
one trait that can describe rose is that she cares for the well being of others . she doesn t want to hurt others so she watch what she says and is respectful . an example of this is when rose is talking with aunt kolab in the kitchen and her aunt asks her if she feels weighed down by all she is doing . rose being nice and not wanting to hurt her aunts feelings didn t give her an answer . then her aunt realized that the family relies heavily on her and tries to make it easier on her .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is caring . when rose is talking to aunt kolab she doesn t tell her the truth because she doesn t want to hurt her aunt s feelings . this shows that rose is a caring person .
rose is hard working . she fell asleep while working on her essay .
rose feels grateful after talking to her aunt kolab . her aunt tells her that she will try to do something to make her load easier . after she says that rose said that that her aunt s offer had somehow made her feel lighter .
rose is described as motherly and realistic in her conversations with anna and aunt kolab . anna is clearly upset in her conversation with rose because her family lives a very hectic life and anna needs someone . rose steps in and momentarily becomes a parental figure in this situation attempting to comfort her sister in this difficult time . she is also protruded as very realistic . this family is going through a lot and it is very understandable that rose is stressed out over some of the things going on . this is made clear during her conversation with aunt kolab where she confesses about all the stress she is going through to her aunt and talks everything out .
rose seems to be worried about anna because she comes in the kitchens and immediately asks anna whats wrong you feel okay
she is caring . in the story she wants to tell her aunt how she feels but it said that she didn t because she didn t want to hurt her aunt .
rose is responsible . for the way she try to take care of her sister and does a lot of work for the family .
she is a hard worker because she holds a job does well in school and helps take care of the family .
one trait that shows how rose is as a person is that she is very mature . she works a lot to help pay their way in this country . while she works she still keeps up on school work and helps her aunt cook for the family .
caring because when her sister walked in the she asked her sister if something was wrong and if she was feeling okay .
one trait that rose demonstrates is that she is hard working . one detail to help support this is that she confesses to anna that she fell asleep working on her three thousand word essay .
that rose was kind and didn t want to hurt anyone . in the passage case said to her self that if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
based on her conversation with anna rose can be seen as mature . when rose is talking to anna she tells her that what her family is doing is necessary . anna doesn t understand why their father has to be away in los angeles . she also doesn t understand why money is so important to her parents . this is where rose shows her maturity . she explains to her sister the importance of their father s job and why they need the money so badly .
one trait that can describe rose is that she is caring for others . one detail to support this answer is how rose decides not to tell aunt kolab the truth about feeling weighed down because of the possibility of hurting her .
rose is a very helpful person and does stuff that will help other people . she is working so her brother paul can go to college .
many of rose s traits are displayed throughout the story . one trait that is shown is how she is caring . in the text rose is worried about hurting her mother or her aunt . rose feels as if she is being overwhelmed with everything she has to do . this in turn causes her to have a dream of being trapped in the water by her older brother . as she attempts to get out water fills her mouth and she sinks further down . she decides to tell her aunt of this dream . her aunt then begins to question her about if she feels weighted down . rose ignores the question because she doesn t want to hurt her family .
considerate . in paragraph the author writes if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
one trait of rose s is reassurance . she tries to reassure her sister that everything will be better when she says then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . this statement clearly proves the point of her being a good big sister and trying to make her sister feel better .
rose is hopeful . while talking to her aunt rose is hopeful that her life will get easier after hearing her aunts suggestions .
i think that one trait of rose that i picked up from her conversations is that she is very hard working . she shook her head yes to her aunts question of the situation being difficult for her . she knows it is difficult and she knows that the outcome of her work will be better for her and her sister but yet she still works really hard to get her brother to college . that shows me that she is definitely a hard worker because she is doing it so she can go on and work even harder to get to where she wants to be in life .
rose is compassionate . rose asks how anna feels she would not ask this unless she cares about her . the reason she cares about her is that anna is rose s sister
she is caring . you can tell this because she s worried about her sister . she asks her if she s alright and she is trying to explain to her in a nice way that their dad had to go but that it would be okay .
hopeful . rose kept nodding . maybe her life would get easier . maybe it wouldn t . but her aunt s offer had somehow made her feel lighter .
she is caring . she asks her sister whats wrong when she walks in rubbing her eyes .
one trait that describe rose is that she is a hard worker . by going to school working a four hour shift and writing a three thousand word essay proves that rose works hard so her family can live a better life .
rose is caring . we know this because in paragraph rose is very concerned about the well being of her younger sister . she asks her what s wrong and if she is feeling okay .
rose although feeling pressured doesn t want to make things harder on anyone or to hurt anyone . she is considerate to others feelings . this trait is revealed in the conversation anna had with her aunt kolab when her aunt asks rose if she feels weighed down by all that she is doing for the family and rose doesn t say anything for fear that it would hurt her aunt .
a trait that well describes rose is that she puts other peoples feelings above her own and she cares more of how others feel than herself . an example is in paragraph rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
based on rose s conversations it is very obvious that she is a caring person . she would rather suffer herself than make anyone else hurt . rose s aunt asks her if she felt weighed down . rose couldn t answer in fear of hurting her aunt or her mother .
she very worried for the family and that is why she says what s wrong you feel okay
when rose is talking to her sister anna she tries to look at the bright side of things . she tries to get her sister to think positive about the situations in their family . rose tries to get her to see that everything the others in her family are doing is going to help them out in the long run . rose says it s only been four months he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here . when anna starts to get negative rose tells her that they have to support their brother paul and he will support them in the future . rose has a positive attitude .
rose s conversations with her aunt kolab shows that she is a caring person . when her aunt asks her if she feels weighed down because of her responsibilities rose is hesitant to answer because she does not want to upset her aunt .
caring . if she told her aunt the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose is caring based on her conversation with anna because of her walking in and asking if she is okay and poured two glasses of orange juice and talked .
she is a compassionate and caring person that cares about others . one detail from the story that supports my answer is when she asked her sister what was wrong and if she felt okay .
rose cares about others . an example is its only been four months rose said as gently as she could . he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here .
roses conversation with anna shows that she is mature . when anna gets upset about missing her papa instead of getting angry with anna for not being understanding rose calmly explains to her that it is necessary for him to work in los angeles because he is making more money there .
rose can see from her aunts point of view like she says in the story she thought about whether or not what she said about the dream if it would hurt her aunts feelings or not . also she is respectfully of others and their personal opinions .
rose is very caring towards her family . in the story she doesn t want to tell her aunt that she is weighed down by all she is doing for paul because she fells that this might discourage her mother and aunt .
one trait the describes rose is hard working . even though her aunt her sister and her are working to pay for paul to go to college and get his diploma she never stops working . she is always willing to see what is best for the other person in the relationship . she could just law down and say i quit but she doesn t . she keeps working towards a better future for her family and herself .
although rose feels very weighed down and stressed by the weight of the family she is very considerate of other people s feelings . she does not want to hurt her aunt or her mother s feelings by admitting the way that she feels . however aunt kolab is very understanding and talks through the situation with her niece .
we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . this is a quote taken out of the passage . rose is trying to calm anna down she understands that its hard for her and it is almost as if rose has become the mother figure in anna life . so the trait that identified in the passage is that she caring . she cares so much for the other people in her life that she is willing to suffer .
one trait that rose has shown is hopefulness . even though things are hard for her right now she isn t giving up on things . in paragraph of the text it states but her aunt s offer had somehow made her feel lighter . by listening to what her aunt had to say and stepping back to see the whole situation rose gained the hope that she wouldn t be stressed for long .
she is hopeful . in her conversation with anna she says we have do to our part to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . . she is hoping and trusting that paul will do well in college .
rose is a caring person because in paragraph it says that rose didn t answer so she would not hurt her aunt s feelings .
rose is considerate of other peoples feelings . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose truly puts her family first . she is taking a job that conflicts with her school work just to help put paul through college . rose is only a high school girl and she is already taking on a huge amount of responsibility for her family .
i believe that rose is caring . in the conversation she had with her aunt kolab about the dream rose did not want to explain to her aunt the way she felt because she felt that she would hurt her aunt by telling her the way she felt . i think that when someone puts someone else feelings or thoughts before their own is a caring person .
she feels its her responsibility to help support paul and the family so that later in return he can finance both rose and anna college educations .
rose is caring and wants to help people . when she is having a conversation with her aunt she tries to avoid telling her that all the work she does for this family is really hard . she does this because she does not want to hurt her feelings .
anna rose said what s wrong you feel okay from this part of the story i felt that she was caring .
when rose says that he has only been gone for four months and he is getting paid three times as much in los angeles . it shows that rose a mature and understanding person partly because she feels obligated to .
one trait that rose has in the story is that she works hard for the success of others and does not think about the affects on her . when rose is tired from working and helping her aunt she must then do her homework . she does not have much time to do so and is often too tired to even finish . this proves that she believes she can help make a difference for paul and that he will return the favor . even though rose is extremely busy helping her family put her brother through college she suppresses her real feelings to her family because she must do her part . in the story rose supports this claim by thinking . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . this is showing that she does not want to work and instead focus on school but she knows what she must do and is afraid of hurting her family . in the story rose is a hard worker and respects other s feelings .
one trait that can describe rose from her conversations with anna and aunt kolab is caring . rose is caring as shown through the part of the story where she is cautious to tell her aunt kolab that she feels weighed down by the support she offers the family . rose takes time to ponder if she should tell her aunt kolab because she fears she will hurt her and her mother . rose does not want to hurt her family therefore she is caring .
based on the conversations between rose and anna rose seems to be a person who is trying to be positive and strong for her family . when anna brings up their missed father she blames him for leaving the family . rose tries to explain to her that he only left the family because they needed the money .
one trait that can describe rose is determination . one detail that supports rose being determined is how even though she feels busy and overloaded she is determined to still work hard at her job and school work to make things easier for her family .
roes is caring . she worries about her whole family and wants to help make life better for them . during her talk with anna roes says we have to do our part to help paul finish college . showing that she wants what is best for her brother .
anna rose said . what s wrong you feel okay one trait of rose is that she is caring .
one trait that describes rose based on the conversation between her and anna is that she is helpful in many ways . to me it seems that rose is more of the mother figure in anna s life and is there for her when she needs something . she helps tries to help out with the money situation by working . an example of the book of how rose shows this trait is when anna woke up and came into where rose was rose asked if she was alright and if she felt okay .
rose is a hard worker and worries a lot . rose is very persistent . one example is in paragraph two . im paragraph it talks about how much homework she has to do . then how she has to work to help support her entire family .
one trait i found in this story about rose would be that she is caring . her aunt kolab asked do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family rose is to caring about her aunt s feelings to tell her the truth and crush her feelings .
she cares for her family . when she talks to anna she said we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
rose is a person who puts others before herself and wants to be helpful . rose didn t answer . if she to d the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mom this describes her putting her family before herself .
she cares about her sister anna . this is supported by rose asking anna whats wrong and are you feeling ok
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is that she is caring . that she cares what other people feel and how what she says may hurt the other person . the statement that supports my answer would be rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mom . that indicated that she cared what she could have said would hurt her aunt and that her aunt could very well tell her mom . she was probably scared it would hurt her mother too .
rose seems to be a very kind and caring person and wants to help other people . anna rose said . what s wrong you feel okay
rose said what s wrong you feel okay that is a trait of love .
rose is a rather optimistic person . although she is very stressed out due to the work she must do daily she seems hopeful that all her efforts will pay off whether it be for paul her parents or herself .
rose is very selfless she shows this by not saying how she really felt when she was asked by her aunt . instead of hurting her aunt and mother she kept it to herself .
rose is very caring about her family . she sacrificed so much time to get a job and help pay along with her family to get her brother through college . of course it doesn t mean that she is happy about it all the time but she still does care and wants to try somehow to help as much as she can .
she hides her feelings so she doesnt upset others like when she didn t want to tell the truth and hurt her aunt .
one trait that i saw in rose during her conversation with anna is that she is a positive person she is telling her sister the positive things that will come out of it . also that even though she feels weighed down by everything she is still keeping her head up and staying positive . for example rose said to anna we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
one trait that can describes rose based on a conversation with aunt kolab is that you can really feel what rose is actually feeling . you can almost make a connection with rose and how she has to deal with life for example in the passage it says if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . so you get a feeling of how rose feels on the inside too . you feel that she really cares for her family and doesn t want to upset anyone .
rose is a caring person . she wants her family to be well of and live a good life . she did not want to hurt her aunt by telling her that she felt weighed down by all she does . rose was trying to calm her sister when she was sulking about missing their father . i see rose as a caring girl .
in her conversation with aunt kolab we can see that rose is tactful because she does not tell her aunt the truth for fear that she would hurt aunt kolab s feelings or that the aunt would tell rose s mother and it would hurt her mother s feelings .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversations is that she is caring . i think rose is caring because her young sister is sad because she misses her dad . rose tries to comfort her and tries to tell her that their dad had to go away to make more money .
based on her conversation with anna rose can be described as caring because she puts her sister s needs before her own . although she needs to write a three thousand word essay she is more concerned that her sister had a bad dream and is missing their father .
rose is very thankful . even if what her aunt offered did not work it still make a difference in how she felt . what her aunt did was take some stress away and give rose a little hope .
one trait that rose has is that she understands some things have to be sacrificed for the better of the family . this appears when she is talking with anna in the kitchen after they both wake up . anna says i m so lonesome for papa . it seems like he s been gone for years part . . rose s response is he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here part . . this shows that for her age and the amount of responsibility she has she still understands that the sacrifice for a family is the most important thing of all .
rose can be described by hopeful . she is hoping or wanting more to come out of the future . when rose and anna are talking at the beginning of the story rose talks about how once paul finishes college he will get a good job and help support the rest of the family and help pay for both of them to go to college .
i would say rose is an understanding person . in the story you can tell she just wants the best for her family . she is understanding of why her father has to live in l . a . and why her mother has to work so late . she is trying to win a prize for an essay but realizes she might not be able to travel to get . she is a determined bright young girl who is very understanding .
she seems hopeful even though she has it rough . when she was telling her sister about how paul was gonna help them after he graduated college and got a good job anna was the one acting grouchy and like she didn t really believe it was going to work out .
she cares about others . she didn t answer her aunt because she didn t want to hurt her .
rose is exhausted but she is too nice to let anyone know when she talks to aunt kolab . she is caring because she didnt tell the truth because she didnt want to hurt her aunt or her mother .
concerned think she is concerned for her family and how her brother is the one that has to be the one that supports her and her little sister anna . she says she is concerned about her mother having to work so late .
in the passage crossing over rose has many different traits but the trait that is most evident to me is her mother like responsibility . when anna wakes up from a bad dream rose checks on her and asks her what s wrong this suggest that she is wanting to take care of anna . then when rose is talking to her aunt kolab her lets the reader know that rose has a big responsibility with the family . when her aunt says do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family . this implies to the reader that she has a lot of responsibility to take care of the family . the two examples that are given are small but imply much more that rose is almost like a second mother for her family .
one trait that rose shows is companion . she cares about everything that her family has had to work for to get to the united states . rose knows that she needs to work hard just like her brother did to graduate . she does so many things to be accomplished that she doesn t care how stressed out she is . all she wants is a good life for her and her family .
in the tory when rose said to anna when paul graduates he will get a good job and help afford to send them to college . this shows a trait of being optimistic . also the talking to her aunt although she said things probably won t get much better she stayed on the plus said and said maybe they will .
the one trait i think that describes rose is that she is caring . i say this because when she was talking to her aunt she wanted to tell her the dream she had . she ended up not telling her aunt because she thought it would hurt her .
rose is caring . her conversation with anna shows this . rose asks anna if she feels okay .
during her conversation with aunt kolab rose doesn t tell her how she feels . this shows great responsibility because she knows that it is part of her job to help her brother . she also says that to anna that he is the one that can help them get to college . she is willing to sacrifice her time to help her brother achieve his goal of graduating from college .
she is very sincere and thinks about other people s and cares about other people s feelings . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
one trait to describe rose would be optimistic . in paragraph rose is talking to anna about money and rose makes the comment that their part is help paul finish college so he can get a good job and then help them go to college . their family is having problems and their dad just moved away to have a better paying job and rose is looking on the bright side and how the outcome will be good if they just don t give up .
rose s sense of responsibility is evident in her conversation with anna . her ability to suppress her own feelings to try and make things easier for her sister is a great personal trait .
rose is caring and try to comfort her sister anna when anna is down because her parents are never home . rose says to anna in the story that he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here . rose was trying to tell her sister it was important for their father to go away .
rose to me seems to be a very hard working person . in the story she tells us she has work most days right after school then help with dinner and finally do homework . by this point in the story you can already tell she is a busy just trying to please everyone . she doesn t like that she is also so busy but because she is a hard working person she is making sure she never disappoints her family . she knows they have given so much and continue to work hard so her and her younger sister have an education .
rose is a hardworking young woman who would do most anything to protect her family . rose puts aside her life in order to help her brother through school . she works instead of plays so that her brother can get through school and take care of her rather than the other way around .
i think that rose is a caring person and that is why she always tries to make everyone else feel better . rose wouldn t tell aunt kolab she felt a big weight on her doing everything she had to do because she didn t want to hurt her feelings .
caring when she is talking to anna she does as much as she can to be nice and comfort her about what is happening .
rose is a thoughtful person she doesn t answer her aunt kolab so that she doesn t hurt her .
rose care about what everyone thinks . she listened to anna and helped her get over her bad dream . she also cared about what aunt kolab had to say because she was trying to make live better for rose .
rose is obviously an optimistic person . during her conversation with anna in the kitchen she talks about how she thinks her brother will find a good job after college and then pay for their college . this is a positive view that an optimistic person would have .
rose is a positive person . she thinks the best of each situation and hopes and dreams that things will get better . in the story rose told anna that paul would pay for her and anna s schooling once he got a good job and earned a lot of money .
based on her conversations with anna and aunt kolab the reader knows that rose is a very understanding young women . during her conversation with anna rose explains that papa had to go to los angeles so that he can support the family . she understands what he had to give up to go work there and she knows that he is doing it for the good of the family . rose also understands that she needs to keep her job . in order to help support the family . she understands that even if she does win the essay contest she will not be able to travel to sacramento . she cannot attend because she is willing to work to keep her job .
i think that rose is loving . when she was talking to anna all she tried to do was cheer her up . that is the sign of a girl that really cares about her family and wants the best for them
rose is caring . even thought she didnt sleep much and works hard during the day and into the night she still has time to ask anna if something is wrong .
rose was a caring niece and daughter because she did not want to hurt her aunt nor her mother by admitting that she felt weighed down by what she was doing for her family . rose did not reply to her aunt s question if she was feeling weighed down for this reason .
rose is loyal to her family . she feels pressure but still feels the need to help the best way she can . when rose spoke to her sister about why their father had to leave telling her the job in los angeles paid more it shows that she is loyal to her family members actions .
rose is hopeful in the story she realizes maybe her life would get easier .
rose is very thoughtful she is always thinking of the future and is worrying about other people and not just herself . rose is thinking of how she s going to get to college when her family has no money . rose doesnt want to move to cambodia and her aunt understands that . rose is being thoughtful when she doesn t tell her aunt the dream because it would hurt her feelings .
she is hardworking . i can see that from the conversation she has with her little sister anna . in that conversation she talks about how it was their duty to pay off paul s college loans . she isn t indifferent or mad she only has one thing in mind and that is that she and her family will pay off the loans and things will be better .
rose doesn t want to hurt anyone s feelings . during the conversation between rose and aunt kolab rose is asked if she feels weighed down by everything she has to do to help her family . rose does not answer this question because she doesn t want to hurt her aunt s feelings .
optimistic . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
rose respects her elders and doesnt want to hurt their feelings . because when she is talking to her aunt she didnt want to tell the truth and hurt her feelings .
rose doesn t like to hurt anybody . when she was talking to anna she wanted to make anna feel better by telling her about how her dad will be back and get a better job to pay for anna s and her s college . when her aunt asked her if she felt weighed down by this situation she didn t want to tell her aunt the truth not to hurt her and she also thinks that aunt kolab will tell her mom and it will hurt her mom too .
she s very helpful going to school and then a four hour shift and then coming home to make supper . and then to do her homework . she s really trying to help her family out .
one trait that would describe rose based on her conversation with anna is that she is good with giving her sister hope . by saying to her then he ll paul get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . rose is giving anna the hope of going to college and having a successful life .
anna could be described as understanding . when anna walks in the room she immediately asks her what the matter is what s wrong you feel okay
rose seem s very stressed but she handle s it very well . she doesn t give up and she always s tries to stay looking at the bright side of thing s . rose show s this when she s talking to anna and tell s her we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
you can tell that she cares about her little sister . in the story she tries to calm her little sister down by saying that once they help pay for paul to graduate then they will be able to go to college and get good jobs . she s making sure that anna knows everything will be alright .
rose is a young girl in her late teenage years . you can tell that she has s high stress level and while she try to complete all of her tasks without complaint that it is something that upsets her a lot . a trait you can see rose has it that she is very respectful of her family . while she is talking to aunt kolab she did not want to tell her that she is so weighed down with everything she has to do so she did not give a response to her aunt when she asked .
based on her conversation with aunt kolab the reader can tell that rose is a caring person . she doesn t want to hurt others around her so she keeps many of her feelings inside . in paragraph it shows rose thinking of others before herself . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . an probably her aunt would tell her mother . these lines show how rose doesn t want to tell her aunt how she is really feeling to keep everyone happy .
one trait that can describe rose from the conversation with aunt kolab is conflicted . when aunt kolab asked rose if she felt so weighed down by what she does to help her family and she could t answer because the answer she wanted to say would hurt her aunt and she didn t want that .
one trait to describe rose is loyal . there are many things she wants for herself in life . she puts that second though . her family comes first in everything she does . after school she goes to work then she goes home to help her aunt cook dinner . when all of this is done she finally has her own time to work on homework . all of this is to help her family . aunt kolab asks if she is weighted down by all of this work . she doesn t answer truthfully so they don t know how hard all of it is on her . she puts her family first in everything she does .
rose is compassionate . this is easy enough to tell from her reaction when anna walked into the room . rose immediately took in her sister s body language and asked her what was wrong . she then proceeded to try and comfort her sister throughout the conversation by explaining why their parents and others chose to do as they have done .
rose is a caring person . she tries to help anna realize that what is happening in the family will turn out to be a good thing . the event of their dad moving away was for him to get more money . their brother paul is going to college to get a good job so he will be able to pay for his sisters to go to college . rose is trying to be optimistic about the situation even though she does not feel it . this is what she tries to portray to anna .
she works way too much to where shes falling asleep doing her work . i fell asleep working on my essay rose said .
rose is a caring person she wants everyone else to be happy even if it puts more stress on her . in paragraph rose thinks to herself that she can not tell the truth and say the way she really feels because it will upset her aunt and her mother . she did not want to disappoint them but she was too stressed to work all the time .
one trait that describes rose is caring . when her sister came into the kitchen rose asked what was wrong . anna rose said . what s wrong you feel okay
you can tell from the story that rose is a considerate person . you can understand this from her conversation with anna . she fakes a laugh and pretends everything is okay even when it is not . she tries to make sure her sister is okay in paragraph . what s wrong you feel okay
in the story rose is hopeful . in paragraph she stated that her brother paul will finish college in addition he will get a good job and then pay for the two sisters college education .
one trait that could describe rose is that she is trying very hard to support her family and still be able to succeed in her personal goals . in the story the writer states from school she s gone straight to the restaurant to work a four hour shift then straight home to help aunt kolab prepare a quick supper . after that is was time to do homework . one can see that rose s life is very busy .
if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . rose doesn t want to hurt her family because she is caring .
rose asks her younger sister anna what s wrong and if she is feeling okay . this shows that rose is a loving person and respects others . she loves her sister very much and you can see that by what questions she asked anna .
rose is a caring person . when rose and anna were talking rose asked her what was wrong which showed that she cares about how her sister feels . also she cares about her family because she doesn t want to let them down with writing her essay .
rose is optimistic about her future in life . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
emotional tough she is going through a lot of stress yet she still try to comfort her sister when she is sad .
rose does not want to her family to assume that she is lazy or that she feels overworked by helping her family because she cares for her family and feels guilty in a way by feeling overly busy . an example of this is when she says do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose is very responsible as her telling anna about their duty helping paul finish college shows .
she doesn t like hurting other peoples feelings especially her family . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
one trait that best describes rose is responsible . rose show a great deal of responsibility because she is dealing with a lot to help support her family at such a young age and when he little sister begins to feel tired of the situation as does rose . rose explains to anna without grief that what they are doing is the best for the family . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . rose said to anna . she explained that in the long run and the troubles have settled that it will benefit them .
rose has sympathy for people . she does not want to hurt others feelings . in the story it says that if rose told the truth than it might hurt her aunts feelings .
one trait that can describe rose is she is a understanding person and takes advice from her elders very well . an example from the article is last paragraph rose kept nodding . maybe her life would get easier . maybe it wouldn t . but her aunt s offer had somehow made her feel lighter . line rose nodded .
rose cares for others feelings in the th paragraph rose didn t want to tell the truth to her aunt because it would hurt her feelings .
one trait that can describe rose would be concern . the morning when her and anna talked about their dad being gone and all the problems within the family rose asked anna if she was okay and rose tried to talk to anna and make her feel better and try to get anna to believe everything that was happening was happening for a good reason cause .
rose is caring . i think she is this way because when she is aunt kolab she doesn t complain on how she feels about working to help pay her brother through college and how her mom is never home and how she isn t getting her school work done very well because she is tired . she just moves through the day because she has to do this because its her family and she would do anything for them .
rose is a positive and mature influence on her sister anna s life . anna feels discouraged and resentful towards how hard she and her family must work to put her older brother paul through college . rose measures her that once paul is through college he will pay for them to go to college . rose selflessly suppresses her stress and anger for the sake of her sister .
she is caring because she mentions how hard she is working to help out her family .
based on her conversation with anna one can deduce that a defining characteristic of rose is her selflessness . it is evident that she wants nothing more than to help her brother to finish college . she is understanding of the family s position and is doing everything in her power to improve it .
one trait is that rose is a caring person that loves and respects her aunt . during her conversation with aunt kolab rose did not expose her dream to her aunt because she did not want to hurt her s or her mother s feelings .
caring rose says we have to help paul finish college so he can get a good job .
rose is dedicated but feels pinned down . shes wishes for alone time and free time but knows she has the duty of helping her family . you know this because she has a part time job and because of what she says to her little sister . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay foe you and me to go to college . this shows that she feels pressured to help so that she can be helped in return .
rosa was kind to aunt kolab when she didn t answer the question . she didn t want to hurt her aunt .
one trait about rose that is gotten from this story is that she cares about her family and loves them . during her conversation with anna she is constantly trying to make anna understand what s going on so anna isn t so angry at everyone in the family . during her conversation with her aunt she is able to explain everything to her aunt and because her aunt understands she gives her ideas for better jobs that wont weigh so much on rose . through these ideas rose realizes how important family is .
rose is caring person . she firsts asked her sister is she was okay . then rose states that she and anna play a big role in helping paul finish college .
rose is very considerate . she did not want to aunt kolab her real feelings on the situation because she was afraid it was going to hurt her . instead she decided to take in all the responsibilities given to her and do the best with them and that concluded to rose possibly having a change in her life .
rose is very considerate to the feelings of others . when speaking to rose she does not tell her that she also feels hopeless about their situation . she speaks about paul and how he will eventually come back to help them .
rose is a hard working girl who is trying to support her family now because her father is away for right now . she goes from school to work then aunts then she has to try and get her homework done all in that days time .
one trait that would describe rose would be helpful . rose is help full because she help around the house and help paul finish college . in the text it says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversations with anna and aunt kolab is maturity . rose is very mature for her age . rose gets out of school goes strait to work for a four hour shift comes home to help her aunt with dinner and then tries to find time to complete all of her homework . rose does all of these things and is always busy because she wants to help out her family who came to america from cambodia . rose also shows her maturity in her conversation with anna although anna says she misses her dad and that money isn t everything while rose says that they need the money and they are just doing what is necessary to support the family and put both of the girls in college .
rose cares about other people because she doesnt want to hurt her aunt kolab when she asked do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family sentence number
strong . this is purely in the mentally and emotional sense since there is no evidence given for physical . she is strong because she does not give up no matter how hard it is . she works goes and most likely ex cells at school because she is involved with the competition and also helps support her family .
one trait that can describe rose is that she has a strong duty and respect for her family . one can see this when she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
rose is a caring person . one reason she is caring is because in line she didn t want to hurt her family by telling them the truth . the truth was that rose did feel weighed down by having to help provide for the family .
she is very responsible by trying to help paul finish college and shes doing everything she can to help her family .
rose is doing everything she can to help her family because she knows its what her family is expecting of her . she suppressed how she feels because she doesn t want to sound ungrateful nor does she want to make her family upset . she hesitates about telling aunt kolab that she does feel weighed down by all the heavy responsibility being given to her because she doesn t want to hurt her aunt or have her aunt tell her mother . she speaks grimly to herself when she wakes up almost discouraging herself from doing the essay she has to but she doesn t agree w her sister because she feels it wouldn t be fair and her sister wouldn t understand her . she is a very honorable responsible and helpful daughter but she needs to learn to stand up for herself before she has so much responsibility that she can t take it all .
rose is hopeful . when she talked to her aunt kolab it had said maybe her life would get easier . when they had that talk rose saw eye to eye with her aunt and no matter how bad things had been she had hoped for better days .
rose could be considered protective towards her family . when her little sister anna says i m so lonesome for papa . it seems like he s been gone for years rose attempts to consul her sister by saying it s only been four months . . . he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here . also rose is working extremely hard in school and at work to help support her family a sure sign of a desire to protect and help her family .
rose is a very responsible girl . she just wants what is best for her family you can tell my the conversation she had with her little sister anna . although they are going through rough times rose understands that her father is doing the right thing for the situation and she is grateful that he will pay for their college . although she isn t happy that her father isn t around she is very mature in the sense that she can see her fathers good intentions .
one trait that can describe rose is caring . she cares so much about her brother and wants him to graduate from college and will do anything to help him do so .
a trait i can identify from rose s conversations is that she cares about people in her family . for example in paragraph nineteen it say s rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
she s caring because she doesn t want to hurt her aunts feelings by telling her that she did feel weighted down by what she s doing to help the family .
she s a caring person because she asks her little sister how she is feeling and whats wrong .
i would say a good trait to describe rose would be that she is very caring . an example from the passage would be when rose professes that we have our part to do to help paul finish college . i believe this quote shows rose s willingness to sacrifice part of her own happiness to help her brother to gain his own happiness in life . only a truly caring person would make such a sacrifice in their life .
one trait that describes rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is caring . in paragraph rose suppressed her feelings so that she wouldn t hurt her aunt . this is just one example of how rose is a kind and caring person .
one trait that can describe rose is respectful . she did not tell her aunt the truth about how she felt because rose did not want to hurt her aunt .
rose is very understanding . we see an example of this in the story during the conversation she had with anna . she understood that papa had to work to put paul through college while anna did not seem to be so understanding .
rose is understanding about everything . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
she seems like she is overwhelmed . she has to do this essay for a state competition when would she squeeze in writing a flawless three thousand word essay help her sister calm down to go back to sleep i just had another bad dream anna says . rose talks to her until she exits to bed . she has a job that she is struggling to keep . . . and her supervisor was on the verge of firing her . a family to help take care of . . . straight home to help aunt kolab prepare a quick supper . and a lot of expectations to do as her brother did . she felt too young for so much responsibility . . . imagining how her brother must feel .
in the story rose is a very mature girl . she realizes the pressure that is on her to make her family succeed . it shows how mature she is in the story when she explains to her sister the importance of papa being in los angeles . rose helps explain things to her younger sister leading her younger sister to say she sounds just like mama .
i would have to say that rose is a hard work because it said she worked a four hour shift after school then came home to help with dinner nd then had to work on her essay .
based on rose s conversation with anna you can tell that she cares for her younger sister and the rest of her family . she tries to comfort her sister by gently saying it s only been four months when her sister talks about how it seems so long that her father has been gone .
she is really caring and sincere . when talking to her aunt she tried to hold in her feelings about her responsibility in the family so she wouldnt offend her aunt or hurt her feelings .
one trait that rose possesses is being compassionate towards others . an example of this is when she is talking with anna and says anna what s wrong you feel okay
rose is worried about if she will be able to go to college or not because it all rests on her brother s shoulders . in the story she talks about paul finishing college and getting a good job to pay for them to go to college .
rose never loses hope . she always no matter what situation she is going through is hopeful . she knows if she pays her dues now and helps get paul through college then he will return the favor .
rose is considerate . she works hard on her school work and she does her best at her job so she can help her family even at her young age . when rose is talking to aunt kolab she refrains from telling her aunt how she really feels because she doesn t want to hurt her or her family . in paragraph if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . she is considerate of her family s feelings and their situation .
assuring we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
the conversation between anna and rose makes rose seem like she is hopeful . rose is stressed right now from having a job helping her aunt cook and going to school but in the end she knows her brother will help out when it is her turn . a detail from the story is when rose tells anna that paul will get a good job and he will pay for the both of them when they go to college . rose knows family is important and she does not give up no matter what the scenario is . this story is an excellent example of being there for your family when they need you .
rose is very gentle . she is very gentle because when her sister anna was talking about how she hated that her father had to go to los angeles to work rose was trying to talk to her and tell her that the job pays more and that it is important and that he was helping them for their futures .
rosa seems to be a hard working young woman . despite how weighed down she felt she was willing to do whatever she could to support her family . she even got a job and went to school and was struggling to write a very long essay . she said to anna that they had their part to do to help their brother finish college .
rose wants to be the big person . she wants to pretend to be happy and optimistic but she really doesn t on the inside . this is brought out especially during her dialogue with aunt kolab . she doesn t want to tell aunt kolab the real situation because she is afraid that she will tell her mother . this is apparent in paragraph when she thought if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose can be described as a hard worker . i think this because of the only line in paragraph seven i fell asleep working on my essay rose said .
she is very determined . during her conversation with anna she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . for a teen working very hard to put someone else through college is an act that would take a lot of determination .
rose is caring as you can tell from both of the conversations she had in the story . in neither of the conversations does she want to hurt the other ones feelings so rose hides her feelings to make sure the other is not hurt .
that rose is a thoughtful girl because she wouldn t tell her aunt something that would hurt her .
rose has a trait of unselfishness . there is something that is bothering her but she hesitates to share it in fear that it may hurt the people around her . this trait is evident in paragraph sentences and .
one trait of rose s is that she is very caring . she asked if her sister was ok when anna walked into the room rubbing her eyes .
one trait that we can see in rose is that she doesn t like to hurt people . this is supported when her aunt asks do you feel weighed down by what you re doing to help this family she did not answer because she did not want to tell the truth and hurt her aunt .
the trait that rose has is responsibility . in her conversation with her sister anna rose brings up money and how it is some of their responsibility to help their brother paul finish college .
rose is willing to work for her family and do anything for them . for example after she got done talking to her aunt kolab she thought to herself maybe her life would get easier . maybe it wouldn t . this shows she is at least giving it a shot . also another point that shows that rose will do anything for her family is when she was talking to her sister anna . anna said money isn t everything . rose said only if you already have everything . this shows that rose is willing to sacrifice what she wants to do in order to make her family s needs .
rose can be described as a responsible person because she feels the pressure to help out her family by having a job to pay for her brothers college .
i believe rose is very caring and understanding it s only been four months rose said as gently as she could .
rose is optimistic because she lets anna believe that she knows that when paul gets out of college he will get a job that will put them both through college as well .
a trait that can describe rose would be that she is very sincere . when she was having a conversation with aunt kolab she didn t want to answer the question that her aunt asked which was do you feel weighted down by what you re doing to help this family because rose did feel weighted down . she did not want to hurt her aunts feelings by telling her the truth .
one trait that rose is hopeful . she tell anna that their brother will get a job after college to pay for their college education .
she cares for her family . it show when she does not answer her aunt to keep from hurting her aunt s feelings .
i believe that one of the traits rose displays is optimism . in paragraph sentence rose says then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . this shows that she understands the severity of the situation but chooses to keep her chin up for her sister and herself .
she is a care person for not telling her aunt that she really is overwhelmed by all the things she has to do . but instead is willing to go through them so another family member does not have to do something else .
rose is very respectful and con conscious about other s feelings . she didn t tell her aunt how she fell because she didn t want to hurt her feelings .
rose is a very understanding character in the story because obviously she doesnt like all the work she has to do and how much is getting put on her all at once . however she knows that it is for the good of the family she knows that by gathering the money needed for paul to finish college and get a good job he will be able to pay for them to go to college . as she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he will get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . so she knows he responsibility she may not like it but she know that she has to do it .
optimism when rose is talking to her aunt she says that her aunt s offer makes her feel lighter and she even says that her life might start getting easier .
rose is very caring she wants the best for her family and her little brother that is going to be putting her sister and her through college when he goes up . until then she is doing everything . she doesn t want to tell her aunt because she might tell her mother or hurt her aunt .
rose can be described as caring and considerate of others feelings . in her conversation with aunt kolab she hesitates to reveal her true feelings about the burden of helping paul get through college because she does not want to offend her aunt . this shows that she values others and puts them before her personal interests .
one characteristic that can adequately define rose s personality would be hard working . she is willing to devote what seems to be the vast majority of her free time towards helping out her family and setting them up for a more enjoyable future . the day that is described early in the story included zero downtime for her . she went from school straight to her work and then right back home to help her aunt . when she finished those tasks she had to attempt to complete her homework assignment while fighting exhaustion .
rose is a nice caring girl . she would do anything for her family . when rose was talking to aunt kolab she didn t want to answer her question because she didn t want to hurt her aunt .
caring rose asks her sister what is wrong and if she feels okay .
rose is respectful of her elders and thinks about other people first . she didn t want to tell her aunt the truth about how she felt because she knew it would hurt her aunt s feelings .
rose is very protective over anna she tries to cheer anna up and explain why there dad isn t home . she tells her that her dad had to go work in los angeles because he is getting paid three times as much as he was making at home . she also try to encourage anna when she says that they have to do their part to help paul finish college so paul can pay for them to go to college .
she is caring she doesnt want hurt her aunts feelings by telling her that she is weighed down by helping the family
one trait that rose displays in her conversation with aunt kolab is that she is selfless . even though rose feels weighed down by her responsibilities she does not complain to her aunt kolab because she knows that it would hurt her feelings . roses life is very difficult but she puts the feelings of her aunt and her mother above her own feelings .
rose feels responsible to help her brother . rose says to anna that we have our part to do to help paul finish college .
one trait described in the story from rose talking to anna is caring . rose is having a rough time trying to handle school work and everything else . even though rose feels as if she cannot breath when anna stumbles into the kitchen rose puts anna s feelings before here own . rose try to tell anna that everything will be okay and that she will have nothing to worry about .
one trait that can describe rose is optimistic . after the conversation with aunt kolab she was confident that her life could get easier .
one trait that i noticed of anna was that she is very caring and has a big heart . when she had her dream her aunt had woken her up and she wanted to so badly tell someone but she didn t want to tell her aunt because she didn t want to hurt her aunt s feelings . that shows how caring she is and that she has a big heart .
rose is very hopeful . in the passage the author states rose kept nodding . maybe her life would get easier .
rose is caring because when her sister walks in rubbing her eyes the first thing rose asks her is if she is alright .
rose is caring when she talks to other people because when she was talking with her aunt she thinks if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . this shows that she cares about how other people feel .
rosa tries not to upset others . she tries to make them feel better by saying we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college to anna .
rose is very sincere . in paragraph sentence it says that rose said it s only been four months as gently as she could . she wanted to help her realize why and wanted to do it so anna wouldn t get mad at her .
she tries to be the mother of the family for her sister anna . its only been four months . rose said as gently as she could . he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here .
she is always looking to the future . like in the second sentence of paragraph she said maybe her life would get easier .
rose is sensitive and cares about others feelings . when rose was thinking that if she told the truth about how she was feeling and thinking that she would hurt her aunt s feeling s it shows how she feels about other s feelings .
one trait that can describe rose is supportive . as rose talks to anna in this story she keeps telling anna how everything will work out . rose has other thoughts about the situation but she keeps them to her self to make her younger sister feel better about the situation . she tells anna we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . this shows that rose no matter how weighted down she feels will always give a supportive answer for her sister to make things seem alright .
rose is mature for her age therefore she can understand the importance of everything that her family is doing . an example from the story would be we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
respectful . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose is very strong willed because when anna said to her money isn t everything . rose immediately snapped back and disagreed with her .
i believe that two obvious traits that rose possesses is hope and courage . though she was troubled by how her life had been upon talking to her aunt she felt a lighthearted peace within herself . she knew that things may or may not change but she also knew she could make the best of whatever happened .
i think her conversation with anna made her seem like she is a very caring person of how she was asking whats wrong or are u feeling ok .
one trait that can describe rose is selfless . during the conversation with aunt kolab rose doesnt want to answer aunt kolab s question or tell the truth about her true feelings of being such a big part in supporting the family . rose didnt want to hurt aunt kolab or make her feel bad .
one treat that can describe rose would be positively . during her conversation with anna rose told her that they have their part to do to help paul finish college then he ll get a good job and that he ll pay for anna and her to go to college . even during hard times rose still told anna that eventually things would work out and they would get to go to college as well as paul .
hopeful . maybe her life would get easier .
anna is very caring about other people s feelings . in paragraph it reveals anna didnt want to hurt her aunt kolab feelings . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose is very responsible and she states we have our part to do to help paul finish college .
rose is very caring . an example of this trait can be seen when she asks anna if she is alright . after asking her if she was ok she went and poured her a glass of orange juice .
rose is determined . she s not only worried about herself but paul also . rose said we have our part to do to help paul finish college . she s willing to do whatever it takes for her family so paul can get a good job and her and her sister anna can go to college .
rose is very caring . she encourages her sister that everything is going to be alright and life will get better for them even though she is feeling doubtful in herself . she assures anna that their dad is away to make things better for them and be able to send them both to college .
she is always hopeful . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
i think rose seems to be caring about not just herself but of her family . in the beginning of the story she asks how her sister is feeling . she cares fro paul . she also helps out aunt kolab .
she doesnt t want to hurt her aunt s feelings so she doesn t answer her aunt . that proves she cares for her family and is a kind and caring person it describes her .
on trait that can describe rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is that she cares about others feelings . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
one trait that can describe rose would be that she is optimistic she keeps thinking everything is going to get easier . in the last paragraph she is thinking maybe my life will get easier .
a trait that describes rosa is caring . not only does she care about school and doing her best she cares about her family . in the conversation with anna rosa tries to help anna understand the difficult situation but also show her that she cares . in the conversation with aunt kolab rosa wants to tell her aunt how she feels but since she cares for her family she remains silent so she wouldn t hurt her aunt s feelings .
rose seems to be very responsible . when she was talking with her sister at the table in the kitchen she tried to make her sister feel better and comfort her . she assured her that her father was doing the right thing by working in los angeles .
rosa is caring of her sister she really wants to know whats wrong and wants to help the situation . rosa said to anna what s wrong you feel okay . they also talked about there grandpa moving away and how its been hard on them both .
she is hopeful saying maybe life would get better .
rose is a caring person . she feels bad for the way she is feeling about her families s situation right now . rose doesnt want to tell her aunt the truth because it would hurt aunt kolab and her mother .
rose is the type of person that makes the situation seem less difficult by holding her own doubts in from her sister . in a way she is protecting her sister and keeping anna s hopes up . her sister probably looks up to rose so she needs to seem confident so anna won t lose confidence . but when talking to her aunt she felt comfortable enough to let her true feelings go . because her aunt has the role of helping rose . and rose helps anna . and together they can help each other have faith .
one trait that describes rose would be caring . the way she talks to her sister anna lets you see she cares about her . one detail from the story that shows this is when her sister walked in rubbing her eyes . seeing her like that made her worried about her and asked what was wrong and if she felt alright .
one trait to describe rose is caring . in the story when she is talking to her aunt she holds in how she really feels so she doesn t hurt anyone feelings .
rose is optimistic . you see this in her conversation with her sister anna when she says that after they help paul graduate he will be able to help them go to college .
she is caring for her sister . she asks her sister what is wrong and if she feels okay .
rose is a hard working young lady . she works a four hour shift every night and then comes home cooks and completes her home work
rose is an optimistic person . when talking to anna she stays optimistic about the fact that her father is far away at his job but he is making more money and he hasn t been away too long . she also is optimistic because her brother is in college and when he graduates and gets a good job he will be able to pay for rose s and anna s college education .
one trait that describes rose based on her conversation with anna is that she is sincere and cares about her . i think this because she asks anna if she is feeling okay and tells her the truth about why their dad had to go away . and later after anna left rose went in her bedroom to check on her but anna had already fell asleep .
the trait that describes rose based on her conversation with anna would be helpful . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
even though rose has a lot going on in her life she still takes the time to be caring for her sister . when anna has a bad dream rose says what s wrong you feel okay when anna is feeling down rose tries to lighten the situation by saying it s only been four months . this clearly shows that rose is caring .
one trait that can describe rose from her conversation with aunt kolab would be when she didn t want to tell the truth to her aunt . her not telling the truth to her aunt shows that she is very concerned on other peoples feelings . she doesn t want to tell the truth and then hurt her aunts feelings so she remains quiet . she also doesn t want to tell her aunt because she believes that she will go and tell her mom about what she told her aunt on how she really feels .
anna cares about other people even when it causes stress for her . she really shows this when she talks to anna about paul going to college . she tells anna that they have to do their part to help him finish college . she says this even though it is obvious that the situation is hard for her .
rose is a very positive individual . the way that she keeps up a happy appearance when she is talking to her little sister proves this statement . he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here .
a word that describe her is caring . rose kindly asked her sister if she was ok .
in her conversation with anna rose appears to be really hopeful . she tells her sister that if they do their part and help out with the paul s college fees then he ll get a good job and help them go to college .
rose is very caring . she is doing everything she can to make ends meet for her family while she is still very young . she wants to help paul her brother finish college so when he gets done he will help her and her sister get through college . the passage states then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
one trait that can identify rose is hopeful . when rose talks to anna she tried to make things seem better than they actually were we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
when rose is speaking with anna rose says that they must help out since there brother is trying to get through collage so he can pay for them to go to collage .
rose is understanding because she explained to her younger sister anna that their father had to take the job in los angeles because the money was supporting the family .
rose is considerate of other people s feelings . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose is not living an easy life . but she is doing what she can to make the best of it . one trait rose greatly exemplifies is hardware . rose goes to school and has a part time job . i know from first hand experience that that is very hard work . juggling the two is very stressful at times . when rose explains what her day consisted of it truly shows that she is a hard worker and is striving to achieve a greater goal . from school she d gone straight to the restaurant to work a four hour shift then straight home to help aunt kolab prepare a quick supper . after that it was time to do homework . paragraph this example shows how busy she is but it also proves how hard she must be working .
during rose s conversation with her aunt the passage says rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . i think this clearly identify that she feels this need to help everyone . she feels like it s her duty to help her brother through college and to protect her aunts feelings . in a lot of ways she has the leadership trait .
one trait that describes rose would be hopeful because from the story she tell her sister we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
in her conversation with anna the reader can see that rose realizes the extent of her responsibilities and duties to her family specifically her brother . however she shows that she wants to appear mature to anna and instead of telling her how she really felt she tries to look at the situation from a practical and adult like viewpoint and appears just like mama . rose s responses to anna such as money isn t everything show that she is unwilling and embarrassed for anna to see how she really feels .
rose is caring and helpful because she tries so hard to help the family out and her aunt even said that it must be hard on her .
one trait that i found that could describe rose is she is a kind person . one example of this is when rose is talking to her aunt and her aunt asks her if she feels weighed down by what you are doing to help this family . what rose did not say should how she was a kind person . in paragraph when she does not answer because she does not want to hurt her aunts feelings shows how rose is a kind person .
one trait is that rose is optimistic she looks at things positively . rose said we have our part to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . even though it s a rough situation she s looking at what good can come out of it .
rose is hardworking . she goes to school then heads off to the restaurant she works at for her four hour shift heads home to help her aunt make a quick super and then she started on her homework .
when rose is talking to anna she tries to tell her sister how much she cares for paul to get his education in college that way so that he can pay for her and anna to go to college .
rose is a sympathetic person who does not want to hurt her relative s feelings . after rose s aunt asks rose if she feels overwhelmed with responsibilities rose does not answer because she does not want to hurt her aunt s feelings or her mother s feelings .
rose can be described as considerate because she is reluctant to tell her aunt kolab that she feels very weighed down by her familial obligations because she fears her aunt may be hurt . . the author writes if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
she is responsible . at least she feels responsible for everyone . if she didn t she would have ignored anna and got on her paper . but instead she tried to comfort her and make her see the situation differently and that it will change .
she s caring towards her family members . when her and anna talk about money and paul on his way to college rose is concerned about him getting in .
rose is very understanding . in the story rose understands why her dad has to work in los angeles and tries to get anna to understand as well .
rose is understandable . in the story when anna was upset about their papa leaving for the job she could not understand but rose understands completely . her family needs money and their papa s new job paid three times the salary of his last job .
rose is a giving person she will do anything to help her family we have our part to do to help paul finish college .
rose is very compassionate and is always mindful of others . this is shown in her conversation with both her sister anna and aunt kolab . when she talks with anna rose tries to make anna feel better about the fact that their father can t be with them . when she talks with aunt kolab rose avoids telling her how she really feels in the interest of keeping from hurting members of her family .
hopeful because when anna mentions missing papa rose assured her that they didn t need him and that if they were to help paul finish college and get a good job and then he could pay for them to go to college .
rose is a very giving and thoughtful person . rose is helping her family by getting an education and even though her aunt asked of she felt weighed down for what she was doing for her her family rose didnt tell her the truth on how she really felt .
i can see that rose tries to be positive about life with her sister anna . when she is telling her sister that they have to do their part so her brother can finish college and pay for rose and anna s college .
if i identified on trait it would be that she cares about her family . this comes from her conversation with anna when she was talking about how she works to help her brother finish school .
rose is a hardworking girl . in her conversation with anna it is revealed that she had fallen asleep writing an essay to win a prize from a contest in sacramento . she is busy and working all day to help pay for her brother s college while still doing school work and helping around the house . the tradition of cambodia to help family in any way possible is shown through the actions of rose and her hardworking personality .
rose seems hardworking and materialistic in her conversation with anna . she seems this way to me not only because she fell asleep working on her essay but because she thinks it s okay for her paul to move away from his family just because it is a better job that is better paying . while anna believes family should come before work and money .
rose cares deeply for her sister . despite the hopelessness that she feels she tries to make her sister anna feel better about the situation when in line she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . despite her internal struggle rose pretends that things will work out to give her sister a sense of hope .
rose is optimistic in one way as she tells anna that they are helping paul get through college so they can get through college .
one trait that can describe rose is caring because when she was talking to aunt kolab she didn t want to tell the truth about her feeling weighed down by how much she had to contribute to the family just so she wouldn t hurt her aunt or mom s feelings .
rose is family oriented she cares about her family . when her aunt asked her if she felt weighed down by this family she did not reply . this shows that she did not want to hurt the family .
rose is very understanding of other people . when she is talking to anna anna is complaining about her dad being gone all the time but rose knows that he is doing that to help out her family so that rose and anna can got to college some day . she is also very appreciative in this example .
rose seems to be a caring person . her sister walks in looking depressed and she seems to care about how she feels by asking her about it .
she is very sensitive when it comes to talking to her family members . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose is considerate because in paragraph she is hesitant to tell her aunt the truth because she is unsure if it will hurt her .
one trait that can describe rose is that she is comforting . this trait is displayed in her conversation with anna when she asks how she is feeling and when she tries to make the time their father has been gone seem shorter .
rose is loving toward her family a detail from the story is when her aunt made a statement about rose being weighed down because of all she was doing to help the family and she did not answer because it would hurt her aunt and her aunt would tell her mother .
she is hard working all the time . she goes to school then works hour shifts after school then helps fix supper .
i think that she doesn t like to tell people about the way she actually feels because she s afraid that it might hurt someone in the family or make them worried . when she was talking to her aunt she didn t mention her dream to her even though that s what she felt like she should do to make herself feel better .
rose is a caring girl who wishes to not hurt her aunt s feelings . in the conversation they had at the end of the story rose s aunt asked her if she felt weighed by helping the family . rose didn t answer the question because she felt she would hurt her aunts feelings .
rose is helpful and you can tell this from the conversation she had with anna . this is shown when rose tells anna that we have our part to do to help paul finish college . rose is younger and shouldn t have to take on a responsibility like that but she does to help out her family . she knows she can t have everything but still she is willing to help out her family as much as possible .
rose can be described as hopeful . she believes in her brother s abilities and she also is hopeful that her papa did what was best for them even if the situation upsets her .
rose seems very caring and compassionate toward others . when she is talking with anna she says it s only been four months he had to go . she says this to try to comfort her sister who is upset about papa leaving .
rose is very hard working and caring . she believes that when you help someone they will help you in return . when rose is having a conversation with her sister anna rose states we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . rose is trying her hardest to pay for all of the expenses that her family has . she is a very dedicated lady who seems to find success in a lot of different situations throughout her life .
rose is considerate . she is stressed out and feels like there is too much responsibility on her but knows the family needs help . when aunt kolab asks her if she felt weighted down by helping the family she doesn t respond because she wants to help she just doesnt know how much she can .
rose is a caring person because as soon as she saw her sister walking into the kitchen in the middle of the night she immediately asked if anything was alright .
aunt kolab cares about anna and she knows when something is wrong with her . anna rose said . what s wrong you feel okay
rose can be optimistic rose kept nodding . maybe her life would get easier . maybe it wouldnt .
anna rose said whats wrong you feel okay it shows that she is caring
rose is a kind person and she seems to always be thinking about someone else . in her conversation with her little sister anna rose feels overwhelmed but she doesn t let her sister know and she even tries to comfort her . when anna complains about their mother not being home and their father being away rose explains to her little sister why things are how they are in a gentle way . this shows companion and caring .
one trait rose shows is caring . the reader can see this in the th paragraph because rose doesn t want to tell her aunt kolab what she really feels for fear of hurting her feelings .
rose is very diligent . in the story she is talking to her sister when she tells her that she fell asleep while working on her essay . that shows that she was working hard enough to make her tired .
rose can be described as consoling . in her conversation with anna rose attempts to make sense of the family s load to anna who is distraught and doesn t quite understand the whole situation . she justifies their helping paul with college by telling her how he ll be able to pay for them to go to college once he has a job . rose also tries to make a quick joke about money to lighten the mood .
one trait is caring . it can be seen when rose was asks her sister anna whats wrong . this shows she cares about whats upsetting her sister .
rose while feeling overwhelmed tried to be optimistic in most situations . she feels like she has to be a role model for anna . if rose expresses her true feelings then she is afraid that anna will lose faith in their situation as well . in paragraph rose explains with a maternal tone how her and anna have to appreciate what paul is doing for them . he is going to school so he can get a job and ultimately help pay for the sisters college funds . rose tries to point out the importance in helping out paul . rose would much rather talk about how she wants to give up how she is tired of working so much and how school is constantly weighing down on her . despite these feelings rose tries to remain positive for anna s sake and holds her tongue .
one trait that describes rose is understanding . when anna says that it seems like he s papa been gone for years rose understands it is for their good because the job in los angeles paid three times what he is making here .
one trait that can describe rose is that she is outdoing and is a hard worker even if she is trying to help out a mother family member . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
one trait that describes rose based on her conversations with her family is that she is determined . she is exhausted and overwhelmed with all this stuff she is suppose to do but yet is still determined to make it through because she knows she has to do this for her brother . even though it isn t easy for her she knows that in the end it will all pay off . paul will return the favor by getting a job and putting his sisters through college . one detail from the story to support this is that rose says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college
rose is hopeful because during her conversation with anna she would say how when paul gets a good job after college he would pay for her and anna to go to college too .
rose seems very caring and always think about others . she is so worried about helping her brother go to college .
one trait of rose s that was shown in her conversation with aunt kolab hit me like a speeding bullet . respect . rose has respect for her aunt and her family . she knew the answer to aunt kolab s question but felt that she would hurt her aunt so she decided it was better to say nothing than something wrong .
rose is hardworking we have our part to do to help paul finish college .
that she really cares about other peoples feelings and she showed when she asked her sister what was wrong .
rose is very respectfully of her elders . when she was speaking with her aunt kolab about how she felt weighed down by the responsibilities put on her rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose is compassionate towards others . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
rose is a very hard worker and cares about her and her sisters education . we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
rose is understanding while having a conversation with anna . she understands why there papa had to leave . in paragraph nine line two it reads rose telling anna that papa left to make three times as much money as he was making working close to home .
very hopeful for good to come to her life . she is optimistic in that she wants everything to be better in her life and she tries to see that through aunt kolab and anna . the hope with that she speaks of with anna is that they must help paul finish college so that he can send rose and anna to college . the hopefulness and optimism she she also sees in the speaking with aunt kolab . she finds what to write about in this speaking with aunt kolab .
she has respect for her aunt kolab because when she did not answer the question do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family she said she did not answer because she did not want to hurt her aunt .
rose is kind at heart . she knows she has a job to look out for her family . she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . this shows that she cares about her family .
rose is caring to others and tries to help them before taking care of her own problems . anna what s wrong you feel okay she asked this to anna even though rose herself wasn t well .
one trait that describes rose is respectful . when rose s aunt kolab asked her if she felt weighed down rose did not answer . she did not answer because she was afraid to hurt the aunts feelings . rose does the same when she suppresses how she feels when is her sister is upset .
rose is caring because immediately after anna walks in she asked anna if she was was feeling okay .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversation is that shes kind . she feels weighed down by the responsibility of helping her family at such a young age but wishes not to express her true feelings in fear of making her aunt kolab upset and intern making her mother upset .
one of her traits is that she is caring . she didn t tell her aunt how she really felt because she was scared it would make her aunt disappointed .
one trait about rose in this story is when rose has a conversation with her younger sister anna . anna walks in rubbing her eyes rose asked her whats wrong and if she feels okay rose has a trait of caring for others and being a mom to anna when their mom isn t home .
when rose is talking to anna she shows that she is selfless . this trait is shown when she says we have to do our part to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college . she is unselfish about working for her brother to finish school even though she is exhausted .
the one trait i depicted from this passage was that rose is grown up . when rose was talking to anna she said that we have to do our part to help paul finish college . then he ll get a job and pay for you and me to go to college . next anna stands up and says rose sounds like mom .
one trait that rose has is thoughtfulness . when aunt kolab asked her if she was so weighed by what she was doing to help the family she did not answer because she did not want to hurt her aunt .
a trait that rose shows in her conversation with aunt kolab is caring . she begins the conversation with anna by asking are you worried this shows how she cares about her sister . she also mentions to anna how her father has to work hard to send paul to college . anna sincerely cares about paul and her little sister and wants to go to college herself .
i believe the story reveals that rose is a caring person . the evidence behind my reasoning is when rose said we have to do our part to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for our college . . the reason i chose this part of the story is because i believe it shows a sympathy towards her sister and by saying this to her it s allowing her sister to feel better about the situation . rose would have to be a caring person to express sympathy to her sister .
a trait rose has is that she is understanding . its only been four months rose said as gently as she could . he had to go . the job in los angeles paid three times what he was making here . this statement suggests that rose is understanding of the situation and is willing to accept it .
there are many traits that describe rose . one of these traits is she has never complained about helping to pay for paul s college education . one detail that supports this trait is when she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . rose is willing to work for her family because that is tradition that occurs in cambodia .
rose is caring . in the story rose asks anna you feel okay
rose is a caring person she asked anna what was wrong when she looked sad .
rose is very caring for her brother and sister but she thinks that things are just going down hill since her father left and her mother is working over time . she has to focus on the family instead of herself she has to work on getting enough money to help her older brother . she did not want to tell her aunt the truth because she thought it would hurt her . her aunt understands that things are rough and it is very difficult for her because she did not grow up in cambodia .
determined she sticks to what is important to her . like when she feel asleep working on her essay .
one character trait that describes rose is thoughtfulness . rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose is a sympathetic person . she does not like hurting other people . in paragraph it says rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
this story shows that rose is a mentally strong girl . the story shows this trait in her when rose says to anna we have our part to do to help paul finish college . this sentence shows that rose is a mentally strong because even though she is younger that paul she still has to help him finish college . rose also has school work and family obligations that she has to take care of too .
i think that rose is very caring and even though she is struggling herself she worries about other people . i think this because when she was talking to anna in the kitchen she says anna what s wrong do you feel okay i think that really shows how much she cares for her sister even though she s worried about her essay she takes the time to make sure her sisters okay .
one trait that i think describes rose is mature . i think this because when she was talking to her sister anna she stood up for her father who moved to los angeles . she looks at things from other peoples perspectives which makes her very mature .
i believe that rose is an extremely comforting person because of the conversation that she had with anna . she comforted anna about her bad dream by talking with her and by making her a glass of orange juice .
rose wants to help the family as much as possible but she does not want to up set her mother or aunt . in paragraph she says if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose can be described by the the word caring . she shows this in her conversations with both her aunt and anna . when she talks to both of them in the words she say she really seems to care . for example she says whats wrong you feel okay
rose is caring and doesn t like to upset others . when she was talking to her aunt it said rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother . which shows that she doesn t want to see her aunt get hurt .
one trait rose has is that she can make the best out of anything . although she feels so weighed down by working to help out her brother her aunt helps to brighten her day saying that maybe she could help rose out . not only did this make rose feel better but she also used it as inspiration for her essay and realized that her life really wasn t all that bad .
rose is a very caring person . she would not tell her aunt kolab that she felt weighed down by her family because she did not want to hurt her aunt .
in the story crossing over the character rose is very hard working . when rose is talking to her younger sister anna she says that she fell asleep working on her essay . another thing rose says while talking to her sister is that we have to do our part to help paul the older brother finish college . later in the story she is talking to her aunt and her aunt says to her do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family . these example show that rose is a very hard worker .
she shows companion the she was talking to her aunt kolab . she knew she would hurt her feelings if she told the truth about her question so she did not say anything .
rose is a helpful kind loving sister . this trait of love can be seen when rose says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . this statement shows the maturity of rose that she is willing to sacrifice in order to help her brother . by keeping her brother in school rose knows that he will someday help her through school which also shows that her priorities in life are set right and she wants to learn . another example of this trait of maturity appears again when the author states that she goes from school to work and then stays up late into the night .
rose is caring because she is a person that would do anything to help her family . when anna discusses her distaste for their mother working so late and their father not being around rose attempts to lighten the situation and make anna feel better . she makes a joke saying that money isn t everything as long as you already have everything . rose also tries to explain why everything has to happen the way it does . an example of this is when she tells anna that the only reason he left them was to make money for them to better their future .
caring she cares because she didn t want to answer her aunt truthfully whenever she knew that it would hurt her aunt s feelings .
rose cares for her family not wanting to answer her aunt so she would not hurt her aunt . she also tried to calm her sister when she felt bad about her father being away .
she is optimistic she tells anna that when paul finished college he will help pay for her and her sister to go to college .
rose is a very understanding person . she understands that in order to live a life somewhere new there will be changes that they all will have to make . she knows that they cannot all have everything they want but in order to have somethings they have to make some sacrifices . while rose is talking with anna she explains to her that their father getting a job in los angeles was something he had to do for their family . although none of them like the fact their father is away so much it is something they all have to learn to accept in order to have the life they want .
one trait that can describe rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is that she is a grateful person . when aunt kolab offered to sew for ladies or make special treats from their country to sell rose felt better . in crossing over it says but her aunt s offer had somehow made her feel lighter . that signifies that rose truly did appreciate what aunt kolab was willing to do to help her out .
one of rose s main traits in the story is her selfless determination . when she says we have our part to do to help paul pay for college . . . she shows how helpful she is to her brother .
one trait to describe rose would be optimistic . after anna s bad dream rose tries to help anna see their father moving away as a positive thing . rose also attempts to help anna look forward to the future when their older brother finishes college and gets a good job .
one quality to describe rose based on her conversation with anna would be she is responsible . rose said we have our part to do to help paul finish college . she has a strong role in the family and she tries to explain their responsibility to her sister . rose feels pressure from her duties to the family but she knows the responsibility means more and comes first .
rose is a responsible person . she knows that she has a role in her family . she does everything she needs to do to make her family s plan go smoothly . she does things that most girls her age do not have to do because she is responsible for her brother going to college . in a way she is responsible for her future . if she helps pay for her brother s college now he will help pay for hers when it is time . she never complains and is responsible for her role in the family .
in the passage rose says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . she says this to her little sister anna as she explains to her the importance of her parents work to make more money . this statement by rose expresses her work ethic . it shows that she is hardworking and that it is important to her as well as the rest of her family to work hard to support one another .
i think that rose is cautious of other peoples feelings . she doesnt want to hurt her aunts feelings by saying yes . do you feel weighed down by what you re doing to help this family rose didnt answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt .
thoughtful . when aunt kolab asked do you feel so weighed down by what you re doing to help this family rose did not answer because she was being considerate and knew that it would hurt aunt kolab and her mother s feelings if she had answered the question . also rose was very gentle about expressing her opinions with anna about her father working so far away .
rose is very considerate of her family when talking to aunt kolab . she shows this because even tho she feels overwhelmed working to take care of her family she doesn t not want to say anything that may hurt her aunt .
one trait that describes rose based on her conversation with aunt kolab is that she is extremely conscience of other peoples feelings . i think this because when her aunt asked her if she really felt so weighed down rose hesitated a lot before telling her aunt the truth because she didn t want to hurt her .
rose puts her family before herself . this can be seen when she is talking to anna and insists that they must work hard to put their brother through college .
in the conversations that rose has with anna and aunt kolab rose comes off as determined . she is determined to graduate just like her brother paul did . she s determined to help her family out as much as possible with her father gone in los angeles .
rose is caring when her aunt asks if she feels weighted down by her responsibility to her family . does not tell her that she is . she does this to save her aunt s and mother s feeling so they are not disappointed in her .
determined because she just knows that paul will finish college and make enough money so that both of the girls will also be able to go to college . even though anna doesn t think that this will happen rose knows it will happen .
a trait that i believe would describe rose best would be persistent . even though she has to work a job help around the house and has the pressure on her to go to college she still goes on with life and does the best she can . during her conversation with anna rose tries to cheer her up and help her understand that they are doing better than they would have been doing in cambodia . but rose also hides how she really feels and even though she does not like the weight she must carry she still moves on . during her conversation with aunt kolab rose also sees the brighter side of things in how her aunt can sell things to help the family out and makes things a little easier for rose .
one trait of rose would be that she is hard working . this i so because in the conversation with aunt kolab she has all these thing to do . it s like she is carrying around the whole family on her shoulder that everything i sup to her . although she is still young she still works as hard as she can to do the best for her family and that deffeniatly a hard worker .
she is considerate . paragraph rose didn t answer . if she told the truth she would hurt her aunt . and probably her aunt would tell her mother .
rose seems like she is a caring and providing member in their family . the story states that she has a job tries hard in school and tries to help her sister as much as she can . it seems the father will be gone for a long period of time as will the brother one for work and the other for school . so it seems rose may have to step up and help out .
rose cares very deeply about others . she tries to comfort others and would do anything for them . in her conversation with anna rose sees that her younger sister is upset . rose tries to comfort anna and tells her that even though things are tough now they will get better .
rose is dedicated to her family . this is proven by her conversation with anna when she says that she and her father have to work for paul to go through school . also rose s dream reflects that she feels the burden of this dedication when she describes that she thinks she is drowning . all of this evidence supports the idea that rose is dedicated to helping out her family even though sometimes it can be difficult .
rose displays an outward optimism in her conversation with her younger sister anna . she really understands anna s resentment and frustration as her dream reveals but she replies to anna with answers that predict a bright future for her and anna saying then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for you and me to go to college .
a trait that rose has would be hope . we can see this trait when she is talking to her sister anna and she says we have our part to do to help paul finish college . then he ll get a good job anna and he ll pay for us to go to college . in this part of the story you can see that she understands what she has to do so that hopefully paul will help her get to college just like she did for him .
